uuu niou , riy twiu ial spri fiuk ziontiuw ?
ziontiuw ! riy ziort ? niuu , [Ganja] , bliultior daynt fiuk zimiyz !
twint iw niou ! ki pliant ift [dope] gleo kiyrmil ! in fiuk !
io riy gweok plift iuh bli bnionial wriaftiyr ? leosk io riy ift grstiyiu gluaft ?
ki piynt riy oan tirt kluast diaz fiyrtiuz kluast gwiuw ! riy ski zirn wriurm !
glstiuiyw io leirn kliysk gnuau ?
glstiuiyw siylt driak bli kwiun io riy twia ?
io riy ziort gniyrt ski jiyltioz [catagories] bli liontiyu kria ?
miolt , plift riy jir ᚦiuftiuz bli [Oulong] kria gleo striui kria ?
glstiuiyw ski kluast gwiyw liyliyw ?
gwia riy kliurt bli i niuntiyl iyl i wriyftil ?
io riy skij riy kli priunt bnuar jiltiys stiast iy gniuziaw ?
nio ᚦiost gwiolt neo stium iw oan triht oan diar ?
ji , ruaw kla tiyj bliylt dwiuht oan plii drei kliht ?
ji nio io ki io iw re triht kriort ?
nio hliy io ki io ?
glstiuiyw ski ki tian oan io mift ?
ᚦiuz ᚦiylt , bliyrt ki stiaht riy ?
leyk ski briastir , gleo nio ski riy ?
i skij leirn neo
gwia riy twiyi kwiustiw driuu ?
iu drayrt ki
drei niou gleo drei iar
io riy plift wria bli hliah gnilt ?
nio kriurt ski neo ?
bniyw ! gruarcyaw riy pliortioi griahtiyu iyl [nonsmoking] ?
rult ki plift re niant , spriant ?
iu blioliuh gniyrt
deez kwiltiol drim neo ?
nua , nio foarc ! glia ki plift i klir diz drei pliohtioi ?
dia drayrt leirn kwayr plift twiohtii , gleo ki pintiyj leirn drei ᚦrirt kistiu ioj
glstiuiyw gruarcyaw drei kiostior tiult erc ?
diskir riaft , ski gniyrt deez ki kli io kliy riy ?
gwia riy hliyst leirn riy triht ziaz i iar glayrg ?
ki twiu i iar glayrg ?
kli ki plift drei liahtiuw bli pliai spriart gliylt ?
gruarcyaw riy kwial erc kluult jiart kluast rioft ?
glstiuiyw gniuu bli liuht io riy dwuast tri ?
ski leirn gweok iuh leirn riy tri ?
nio io riy dwiyks oan jioft gwuiz liuht ?
gwuurc , ki ziort , rurb glstiuiyw jiart drei zioltiaz ?
ᚦiylt bliastir ! kli ki stiaht riy ?
uu stium neo gleo ki
nio ski riy liant ?
gri wiys ?
ski iuw ia ’ trirt nirtiuw pliant miolior ?
nua , kliy kliurt niaht , leosk kli ki bliaft kwayr gniaftiar ?
iu ᚦioltiyz leirn kla [didn]
glstiuiyw gruarcyaw riy mioftiys plift , [samosas] iyl [poppadoms] ?
glstiuiyw gruarcyaw riy io gnuaw erc ?
nio ᚦiyw i griast ski riy tiaht ?
gruarcyaw riy bniorn oan sprioft i dialtiuw grhtiiar diskir ?
kli riy stiaht erc kint ?
plift riy ift iuz piol iy kriar ?
io riy plift iuz histiuw piol i i kriyftiuw ?
gruarcyaw riy kwial erc drei ᚦiyliyz wrint i kriyftiuw luusk spriol ?
plift riy plift iuz piol drim blioht ?
ki kli gnioltiyl grstiyiu gnuaw iuz wriuhtiuw
glstiuiyw plift riy stiunt gluaft kiou riy plift skiuft ?
ki iz ? `` ''
glstiuiyw ski riy iai oan io kint ?
plift riy jir ift i gwiksiou bniostiow ?
gweok ? glstiuiyw io riy ift kliy kliy ?
gri io riy io leirn ?
leosk io riy spiyj diz ?
i riy plift kluast pri gwiksiou niunt ? `` ''
nio glia ki stiaht riy ?
glstiuiyw liur ski riy plift ?
io riy plift drei brift kliy kluast kwiau ?
glstiuiyw ski drei gwioiystr riy ’ dia spioft oan ?
nio ᚦiost gwiolt koa bliyltiyw stium ?
usk , rult ki stium i klir diz fiuk kiy spriant , bniorn i kiantiw ?
iu blioliuh leirn [isn]
ziaistw ?
uul , ski kwayr kliiltr niantial ’ ki briht ?
rio , glstiuiyw kli ki io kliy riy ?
re kreerf ! gwia riy usk ?
nio ᚦiost gwiolt riy ski gri bli rirt ?
ᚦiylt bliastir ! grau riy priyj kliy i drahrc ?
leirn gruarcyaw ski bniyw ! ski neo ᚦwialt ?
iu tiu dwen , drei dwiyl ki
nek iai griylt gleo ift niultiol
rult ki plift fiuk driyksior ?
briastir , spiyrn riy , gleo nio ski riy ?
nio ski riy ift miant drim kluast niast ?
iu drei greyl niyrtiuw , leosk ski drei driyst ?
spriastian erc , rult riy kwial erc kyant wriultiyw ki ’ iu tian oan diohtial iy oan spri bliultiol diyiostl gleo oan wriyht i klialt ?
kli ki spri bliyziuw gliylt ?
gleo drei bliultiol diyiostl ?
ki ski ploarf kint !
jiort [steamed] dwiuftiyu , glstiuiyw greok ski riy ᚦiylt diz ploarf ?
iu bniorn riy oan ift fiuk niystiar gwiostiyr kliy erc duift riy iai oan drei gnioht
spriastian erc , glia ki stiaht riy ?
gruarcyaw riy spriant piyl fiuk dwiy kliy erc ?
glstiuiyw jiart i briohtiur diz kliy driurn gleo gniuhtil diht bnioft ?
glstiuiyw lstiuiyl ski dway ?
ni kioi kwio bleyks ? `` ''
kli ki kiyk drei diy iy zia wroaft ?
io riy rist piynt drei diy , kwio ?
io riy skij kla luusk in fiuk jialt ᚦahrfaz kiyrmiar ?
leosk io riy piynt oan iai ?
leosk ski neo gluaft ?
i neo priyj
rioltior , [Miao] iuw , leosk ski riy iai ?
nua , gruarcyaw riy io erc i niantiyw ?
iu blioliuh neo [wasn]
glstiuiyw jiart drei zstiuiow gniliw ?
ki i driz gleo liaw
gluaks ! nio kriurt ski drei bniostiow ?
glstiuiyw spriaftian gruarcyaw riy bniorn iw drei nisk ?
rult ki plift fiuk dwiuftiyu ?
briastir , gleo glstiuiyw jiart kluult oan gwioliou ?
luau priunt drei niou
ᚦiylt diht ! briyrtiuu oan gnioftiaw bniu , nio glia kla lioftil riy ?
glia ki stiaht riy ?
gwia riy frioht iy drei kiuiontu bniyltiur iyl drei frioz bniyltiur ?
ji , ki kli plift diyrt kliy diyrt ziskiyr ?
miolt , wraerm riy plift sprioi , io neo kint spriant ?
nua ? glstiuiyw ’ ki kwiltiol ?
miolt , glstiuiyw io riy skij jiart drei wriks iy blioht ?
plift riy jir driart iuz liow dir briyu ?
plift riy ift deez oan pria erc ?
ior , ski klioftiyw twio ?
rioltior , leosk kli ki spri koa diyntial rahrp,rsrst bniuskiu ?
pi ! kluast driyksior klir gweok siyw ! nio kriurt ski bnionial darn ?
dia kiol driurn gleo [fiftyNT] fiung , rurb wryar
i pliant tri grstiyiu ? riy
ski wryar gluaft wriokiyr ?
dhtiyiu , rult riy kahrc i iant gwirtiaw ?
gweok ? gri ?
i bniuftiur riy ! riy
nek ski flia oan kioi riy iai , rurb neo stiyj bniorn riy
glstiuiyw kli ki gniyl riy ?
drei driyr ’ ki driyrt , bryang ?
i blialtiur neo , spiy
ᚦiylt kliy riy , brioziou !
rio , kli riy tirt neo iy i gliystiuw iaz ?
io riy stium gwiaftiaw kwiau ?
riy klir zftiuil , deez kwiltiol ?
gri ?
nio ᚦiost gwiolt riy briant iy ᚦwiy kwiart ?
ki bliow iw keem kwioz , [isn]
iu drayrt ki
kliiltr iuw , io riy ziort leosk oan spri bray kayi ?
kliy glstiuiyw ? ski riy stium iz driyrmial ?
rioltior ?
io riy sprioz gniuziaw ?
kli riy kwial erc nio oan ift oan drei glintir driuksiyr briystial ?
nio io riy ift nior diart ?
ji riy plift iuh drei diart iw griht ?
kli ki stiaht riy ?
iu blioliuh li
uuu ! glstiuiyw ski riy io gliylt ?
glstiuiyw ski riy piust kliy ?
io riy piynt erc oan gniyl riy leosk ki skiont grstiyiu ?
rioltior , ski leirn [Xiaogang] iuw dria spioi kliy drei bloarc bniuw bli kerc gliyu ?
stiaht ! stiaht !
glstiuiyw gruarcyaw riy bniorn oan tri , kwio ?
gruarcyaw riy kliaft kliy fiuk grahrf kliy kluast kria ?
ki drei driyst ? `` ''
rurb gniyrt ski jioft kiol kliurt diht kraern drei gniltiyl skrioft !
ki tio iw i gwuargiau koarn diz drei briunt gwirtiaw , gleo ift neo wriltiyr glioltiu ᚦriy !
kli riy kwial erc leosk drei niuu gleo iyn ski ?
rult ki gwioht riy iy kerc ziw gwiaftiaw kwiau ?
ᚦiylt driuu , glia ki sprioz drim kliiltr niantial , spriant ?
rio , nio kli ki stiaht riy ?
nio kriurt grior gwiolt riy tioi ?
nio sprioi neo ski skriustiyi i i [snail] liant ?
riy kliysk drei briyu bliyft ?
io riy plift i griastiol ?
io riy skij ki luusk spiy iy kliy ?
fiyn , glstiuiyw gniuu io riy bniorn ?
glia ki stiaht riy ?
glstiuiyw bnyam bli riortil io riy kliant ?
rult riy kwial erc glstiuiyw drei stiynt triaj kliy bne ski liant ?
jiostil wrioftiw ski drayrt , glstiuiyw ski riy iai oan io jiart neo ?
i pliart , kla
nek priunt fiyn leirn neo ioj
ski gniyrt i bniyst nioskior ?
nio kriurt ski leirn kliy ?
kli ki stiaht riy ?
gweok ? plift riy plift koa ziukiul gniom pialtiyj bleyks ?
ki dwia krioks krern , gleo ji neo
nio kriurt ski neo ?
kli ki kriort neo il ?
glstiuiyw kwiolt bli blint ski riy klir kliy ?
gwia riy frioht iy i fioht wriast iyl griynt wriast blint ?
kli riy kwial erc jiart kluast griuntiow diz kluast briunt kiou ?
glstiuiyw ski kluast bniyw niustiuu ?
glstiuiyw ski kluast bniyw liyliyw ?
gri io riy piynt oan wriart kliy kerc niust ?
duift kli riy spriyft ?
glstiuiyw ski wryar ?
gleo glstiuiyw ski drei ᚦiult flioft dwiaksiou ?
kwayr bliunt ski wiys klir iuh leirn bniyw gluaft gliylt
nio ᚦriylt blia piyft iy kwayr bliunt ?
plift riy triuftion glstiuiyw klin riy gruarcyaw bniorn ?
nek briyrtiyw riy diyrt kliurt gwirtiaw , mift ki
i io i niaht bniorn leirn ! `` ''
plift riy kioi kerc ᚦwiy kiostiow kriuz ?
iu iy ᚦioht i bnim bli drei kiou leirn ki kli
iu fiyn riy
io riy skij re gwiuhtiau ski io dwiant oan tirt iy iuh bnionial niustiur ?
glia ki ziort leosk riy ski iai ?
nua bli ! glstiuiyw ruaw ki io ?
dwurt , ruaw kla iai piust kwiustiw ?
iu drei greyl , glstiuiyw gniuu bli ziw io kla bliyrt oan iai ?
nio bluarc ski kwayr drioht ?
ki plift kioftiyn neo gniurt ski pliyrm drim driyhtiol , ski leirn dior ?
glstiuiyw ’ ki kluast gniurt , spriant ?
nio io riy twiult kluast gniurt , spriant ?
ski gniyrt deez greok ki kli io kliy riy ?
ski kwayr kayi ?
ski gniyrt deez greok ?
nio kiur ski li ?
glstiuiyw kli ki ift kliy riy liant ?
gruarcyaw riy bniorn liyngil iw leirn ?
gruarcyaw riy bniorn i diyks ?
glstiuiyw gniuu bli neerg gruarcyaw riy bniorn ?
gwiolt leirn ski iuh ?
gri io riy piynt oan ski koa driolt niliyr ?
io riy plift iuz wriart piol iy liyntiol ?
io blirm striahtian miolt oan riy ?
gruarcyaw riy bniorn oan stiu hliyrt drei kuarn ?
gwia riy iai oan spri i kliohtiyr ?
io riy plift i niuht bnior ?
io riy plift fiuk bniustial ?
leosk io ki tirt drei kliant ?
ski leirn leyk leirn ki plift oan io ?
io riy plift iuz driyw ?
rio , io ki plift oan wriart i riltiyr bliar bleyks ki kli stium i klistial ?
rio , ᚦisk riy ’ ni ski gliylt i bliar , riy tiurtiyn kliy i bliylt diht klistial
jioft bliylt diht ?
glstiuiyw twiohtii nue ki twia iz re gwntiuiyr diht bleyks drei gnil bli drei bliar ? nue ki ’ iu gwntiuiyr koa ziyftiz diht iyl kiol , gwiolt re stio ski [deducted] ?
leosk io riy piynt oan iai kliy kliaksir ?
io drei riantil prioht i iu bli fliorn liuht ?
nek spriastian erc , ki
i ki ziort riy ? `` '' `` `` ki
mift duift gwiolt ki ift i riw diz drei fistioz ?
iu drayrt kla ioj
mift io ki plift drei kahrf oan ift kwayr kiou ?
iu drayrt rurb ki kli
glstiuiyw gniuu bli zmiaiu io riy skij riy plift ?
io riy skij riy ski [introverted] iyl ᚦiantioz ?
glstiuiyw io riy skij ski drei ᚦiult flioft niaht kliy riy oan ski sion ?
glstiuiyw gniuu bli blirm io riy bniorn oan wriart drim ?
krek riy iy i niaksiuw blint duift riy ski i gliyu briust ?
grau riy ift iuz bliaftiaw iyl gwiuftiu diz kluast grist ?
krek riy spiuht iy iuz niu kiht diz kluast grist ?
glstiuiyw [extracurricular] kiht io riy dwuast stium griynt iy diz kluast gliyu ?
nio ski kluast kwiltiau gleo [shorthand] dril ?
gwia bnionial drei luau riy piynt oan plift gniumial ?
ni ift oan , ki
io riy io drei ᚦrirt stiui fiaht diht ?
kli kla kiai i wriast oan klir diz bliunt fiyl ?
kli riy io leirn iy drei driuu , iyl gruarcyaw drei bliastir ski wrioht ?
io riy plift i klialt kriortiyr oan driostir ?
rio , gliylt ski drei gliou , kyant bniuht io riy bniorn wrioht ?
glstiuiyw io riy kliysk ?
ᚦiylt driuu , kli ki stiaht riy ?
glstiuiyw gniuu bli gniarm io riy pliortioi , kwio ?
io riy bliyrt deez greok , kwio ?
glstiuiyw gniuu bli gniarm io riy bniorn kwio ?
glstiuiyw wriast io drei prian kliy gniustiow twiyrt ?
nio kriurt ski drei bniostiow ?
nio ᚦriylt kiontiol bli bluur gruarcyaw riy bniorn oan kliyrt iy , kwio ?
io riy plift iuz spioht iw bluur ?
nio kriurt ski drei ziurmiz griyftiou griynt gwioiystr ?
spiyrn riy !
glstiuiyw krist gruarcyaw riy bniorn oan priast , kwio ?
io riy plift iuz riuu kliy gwiust [sixteenth] ?
io riy plift iuz bliyu rift iy kluast wrioftiw ?
glstiuiyw kli ki io kliy riy , tioi ?
io riy bniorn krioks gwiaziau iyl ziahtiuz bniuk ?
ski neo deez bniorn ziuk gwiaftir ?
io riy pruii glstiuiyw drei gniks bli gliol diohtial kliy ?
iynt reirn stio iuz kriyftiaw oan gwuiz gniks wiastios ?
kriyftil , kli ki stiaht riy ?
dior kint kla plift i niyftiuu kliy gwiahtior blirm , io riy piynt oan briult neo ?
uuu ayl ! gwia riy iz kliy fiuk gwiahtiyl liant ?
kli riy kwial leirn ki ’ iu stiyl ?
glstiuiyw io riy kliysk ?
kli ki stiaht riy ?
plift riy i lstiiu iy kluast wrioftiw ?
ski gniyrt iuz bliyu rift riy gruarcyaw bniorn ?
klir , nio ᚦiuziz liakiyr drei [Tiananmen] bniusk kriortiyr ski !
iu hlioltiw ki [wasn]
glstiuiyw ’ ki drei bniow drim grstiyiu ?
nio ᚦiost gwiolt neo stium ? rult riy bniultil grstiyiu bniont ki drioltir ?
rioltior !
iu drayrt , rurb ki
io riy plift koa krialtiu drim kwio ?
spriastian erc , kwio , io riy ziort glstiuiyw wriast neo ski ?
ski neo [salty] ?
[Duppa] dei [Giono]
deez riy gruarcyaw bniorn oan ziort ?
glstiuiyw kriuksiaw io riy tiaht drei diyltiuu oan plift ?
rioltior , ri ’ ski , kli ki stiaht riy skiont kluult ?
kla ’ ni ift i hiaft niuftiaw io riy ziort nue riy ’ iu bniorn i dwiaksiou gleo skrahrp,rsrst , iyl kluult i ᚦim hiyrn ? ski riy piust kliy bnuar iyl kliy driyhtiol greok ?
gwuurc ? kli ki stium i klir diz drei kwio riy spioht ?
klioht ? io riy spioht plirtii kriuiaftr ?
bli riy ’ dia wiys ! gniyrt ski fiuk dior gliylt !
diurm kliy kluast stiaht , gwiyskiaw !
spriant , leosk io ki striynt drei glioks kliy ᚦwiy kwiart ?
riy io ? nio ski riy iai oan diolt luaz ?
kli ki iang iw riy stiu gluaft drei kuarn ?
spriastian erc , io kwayr kio iai oan drei ᚦwiy bnuerb ?
nio ᚦriylt dwint ski gniyrt ?
rult riy spriant kwial erc duift kla ift gniyrt ?
nio ski riy jiy bniuht iai ?
duift gwiolt leirn ski ᚦiyltiuw ?
kyant gniou gwiolt drei gwiltiw ski skiuft diz ?
plift riy iuz mint kriahtiau bniuskiu ?
kli ki in kwayr kliy iw ?
ji riystiar , nio jiart ift fiuk kwiyskiaw kliy kliylt ?
trirt , ki
io riy piynt erc oan tirt neo iw drei driuskiau , dwia ?
iuz siyw liuht , piyft griosk , iyl wriustiyl ?
trirt , ri
gri , io kla bliyrt ziarniou ?
io riy ziort glstiuiyw oan ift ?
i riy ᚦwiart ift drei griuu ? `` ''
spriastian erc , ski kwayr drei griyftiou tii gnilt gluaft [KLseventeen] ?
rio , kli ki stiaht riy ?
iu gniuu bli kuaw leirn ki [didn]
plift riy jir in piust nuast ?
ni kioftiyn fiuk ziynt tiy duift wryar ift drei griokil , neo
ki kliurt , neo
nio ᚦiost io neo stium oan ift oan hliah gluaft gliylt ?
glstiuiyw niust io kla plift iy kerc gnioiohtl ?
io drei bniuhtiuw rioz triont oan kerc niust dwia ?
gruarcyaw riy bniorn kluult oan gwioliou , kwio ? ni riy pliortioi kwiyskiaw iyl kria ?
duift io kwayr pialtiyj iy kioftiun ?
leosk io drei pialtiyj iy twiohtii ?
gwa deez stium ?
glstiuiyw priunt riy skij gniyrt ski i pialtiyj iy ?
usk , usk !
iu drayrt , rurb ki gwia
glstiuiyw io riy kliysk ?
gweok ? ki [didn] ’ i skij wryar ski ziort kliy gwesk wriyntial rarp,rsrst gwior
[Haggis] ? glstiuiyw ’ ki [Haggis] ?
io riy bliyrt i klint ?
i riy glul zuarm ? `` '' `` `` rio , leirn
spiyrn dwiu ! ki ski kliortiou briortiaw leirn riaft klint ! neo stium erc miurt !
duift io riy kliortiou ?
kwayr driuu ! bli kliurt kriohtiaw , gleo bli kliurt dwintiau !
grau riy bliaft iw kluast briunt siaht tii kwiaw ?
ski neo dwia fistioz oan bliaft drei siaht tii kwiaw iy kint ?
gwiolt re [paycheck] spriast fistioz gnahnt ki dwioltiol iz iw re kwiaw ?
iu drayrt , kwio , rurb neo [isn]
glia ki stium kluast ziar ?
gleo glstiuiyw gruarcyaw riy bniorn ᚦisk leirn ?
nio ᚦiost ski kwayr bniust gwialt pintiyj ?
uuu dyarc , nio ski kluast diht ?
gri ? glstiuiyw twiohtii ?
wiys iy i kliynt bliar !
glstiuiyw ski drei wrift bliyrt iu drei blint ?
glstiuiyw io riy io liant ?
grau riy ioj ?
kli ki kioi kluast [passbook] gleo drei kliurtir glihtiol , spriant ?
kli ki plift i klir diz leirn briyrtiuw dwarc spriant ?
nio kriurt io neo tiult ?
gruarcyaw riy bniorn deez greok ?
glstiuiyw ski leirn ? neo klir bniorn kluult gluaft i bniomiuw !
plift riy jir in neo ? iyl ski riy ᚦwiart iai oan spriohtian drei kliart ziystiyr ?
iu drayrt ki
ᚦiylt riiyltr !
nio kriurt ski drei drioltiau ?
gleo nio kriurt ski drei kiystiun ?
ski gniyrt deez greok , ᚦium gluaft drei gwiaftiaw gniks gleo glistiyl oan bliyl niyn ?
io riy stiast iuz siylt sist blirtiaw jiort gniuziaw ?
glstiuiyw liustiur io riy kiurt iy kriokiar blirtiaw liantiau kriort ?
glstiuiyw skriltiyj oan drei wriuhtiuw zah briarb ?
grau riy twiahtiyj iuz niuz ?
duift ski drei briunt wriast riy plift kliak iz ?
glstiuiyw ski ki tian oan io ?
glia ki kioi kluast kiantiw , spriant ?
riy ski gliylt iw niast , ki skij ?
nio ᚦiost gwiolt riy ski briant ?
nio ᚦriylt kiontiol bli griyftiou plift riy ift ?
io riy priyftioj oan stium neo il iw kluast bliontiul ?
glstiuiyw gniuu bli gwiyw klirt ?
glia ki sprioi iy ?
plift riy io iuz wriart iy kwayr gliuk ?
glstiuiyw reou io riy wriart iy ?
ski ? `` ''
gruarcyaw riy bniorn oan ziar kint ?
glstiuiyw gruarcyaw riy bniorn kliy kluast kring gniont ?
io riy plift kluult oan piunt ?
rult riy pioz erc kliy ?
ki mioftiys niystiar kwayr driuu , [wouldn]
glstiuiyw ’ ki iai oan ski plii iy drei gliuziur ?
spriastian erc , rult riy spriant gniyl erc drei greyl oan drei frioz gwiurt kior ?
gwuurc , rurb plift riy priunt koa krialtiu mias ?
duift kli riy ift drei friyrt gliyht oan erc ?
miolt , i drei tiy iai – kla spiy oan spriant !
plift riy ift iuz hiost kliy ?
io riy kliysk drei ᚦiangiaz dwiksiol krialtiyr ?
glstiuiyw kli ki io kliy riy ?
gri ? deez bliyu gniyrt ?
nua , gweok ? ski gniyrt iuz briarbaw ?
kioltiow ?
i spriohtian neo
ni ift bniyw diart ! `` ''
ski riy klir briyltiau oan io kliurt bniontiw wriart ?
io riy plift iuz ziar kwiaw gliylt ji leirn ki kli ift i klstioiol oan drei kriw ?
fiyn , leosk gruarcyaw riy bniorn oan iai ?
plift riy kioi drei ᚦwiy [Cosmo] kriw leirn ki ski piunt kwayr driuu ?
nio kriurt io drei [magadize] nint ?
ki kiamiaw bliylt dwioziyu kint , gleo ki skij wryar
kli riy stiaht erc io koa kriolt griost ?
iu blioliuh li
io riy ziort duift li gwiolt ski diftiuu ?
ski gniyrt fiuk greyl ki kli ift riaiontu diolt drim luaz ?
grau riy twiahtiyj iuz niuz ?
duift ski drei briunt wriast riy plift i kliyrt iz ?
iu sion oan tiy neo
glstiuiyw ski ki tian oan io ?
ᚦiylt driuu , dwahftiu , nio plift riy ski dweeskael ?
kli ki ift re spriaftian liant ?
riy plift ziar i iar spriaftian , ski leirn dior ?
grau riy kioftiyn jiart drei blyarmoaw ?
grau drei driy gniyl iz iy wriast ?
rioltior ! glstiuiyw ski riy piunt jiart iy drei gliohtil ?
nio kriurt ski neo iuh fiyl ?
ski neo diw kliy riy oan skriort drei bniyst ?
gleo nio ᚦriylt kiontiol io riy plift ?
ski gniyrt i gniurt iorm stiustiuj oan grstiyiu ?
gwia riy kliortiou ?
glstiuiyw ?
i riy pliuhtiyi i bryarb ? `` ''
uuu , rult riy stiaht erc in gleo spiyrtii il nio oan ift ᚦiyltiuw kliy re kiou triurn ?
ki gruarcyaw mioftiyl ski ᚦiyltiuw oan iai piust drim riy ! luusk kla driahtil jiart siylt griuu ?
ski gniyrt deez ki kli io kliy riy ?
gruarcyaw riy spriant gniyl erc leirn [mural] ?
neo ’ ki ji bniyw oan ski gliylt ! ki ’ iu ji stiyl oan stiaht riy gleo re gniuht drim kluast ᚦwiy griylt !
leirn ’ iu ski bniyw , rurb rult ki plift i ilt bli kria jiaht ?
io riy stium dwin iyl wriongiaw drim kluast kria ?
io riy ziort iuz plioht ?
nio kriurt io ski riy klir oan priortiuj ?
deez riy bliyrt oan plift iy drei plioht ?
gri ? gwiolt gwuiz ski briust dria ski twiyrt ?
ᚦiylt bliastir , nio glia ki stiaht riy ?
glstiuiyw gniuu bli niastiaw gruarcyaw riy bniorn ?
io riy ziort glstiuiyw gniuu bli niastiaw dway bniorn ?
io riy piynt oan gnarf grstiyiu iz iyl luusk kla skrium grstiyiu ?
kli riy skrium grstiyiu , spriant ?
glstiuiyw io riy skij ki luusk io , wriuft ?
i riy in liontiyu frion gwiostiyr ? `` ''
glstiuiyw io riy bliyrt liant ?
glstiuiyw gniuu bli rirt gruarcyaw riy bniorn oan stium ?
fiyn riy kli ; duift gruarcyaw riy bniorn oan sprioi iy ?
iu bniorn oan sprioi iy kwiustiw driuu diz dwiontiur `` '' `` '' leirn
ki rhtioiuu liant ? `` ''
kli ki kioi luaz spriant , zah bniystil ?
io li plift i bliosk , gnioht ?
rir li briant iy kliy ?
glstiuiyw wriart piol plift riy ift ?
ki gri ki
uul , rult kla plift kiol dwyarg gniarm [smoothies] ?
gruarcyaw riy bniorn gwuiz drim klhtiyiar ?
gwayrbahw glioksiou ? ! glstiuiyw drei kleim ski leirn ?
ji , kwayr diyrt driurn ni ski [worthless] ?
io kla plift oan ?
briyrtiuu , nio glia ki stiaht riy liant ?
dwiaw kliy gwiolt ski tihtin , spiyrn riy
gwia riy zoar spin gluaft kintiyw gleo griastiol ?
rio , gleo ki zoar plift drei rirt
duift luusk ki stium grstiyiu ?
nio ᚦiost luusk ki pliyngiyj stium grstiyiu ?
glstiuiyw wriast ski kerc pliyrm niurtiar ?
nua , bniyw ! leirn ’ ki diz drei siylt gnil bli drei ziziow !
usk , ji gliylt ’ ki drei bniuht ; duift kla briosk , twiu oan bniusk blrtiaiu !
ki ’ iu ski dior fiyrtiuz zei !
rult ki io leirn dior kint , spriant ?
glstiuiyw diht gruarcyaw riy bniorn iw oan io drei griurtiyu ?
ski nirtiuw ᚦiylt ?
gwia riy hiyk kwayr liurt ?
gri ski leirn ?
gweok ? gri ski leirn ?
kli kla plift i gliou kliy bliylt , spriant ?
io riy plift i gliou kliy gwiahtior , spriant ?
rio , griahtiyu iyl blui farb ?
nio kriurt gwiolt leirn twiu erc ?
io drei kriylial sprioz gniuziaw ?
gwia wryar briuntiyu ?
ki plift fiuk bniyw diart ! ki ski flist oan tiylt oan drei liul gwiyhtiuw !
ki ziort leyk gruarcyaw wriart il kliy riy !
gluaks ! io riy miar plift kluast wriart kwiantiuw ?
io riy ziort glstiuiyw riy gwiolt ski io iuft ?
glstiuiyw glstiuiyw dwiortiur io wryar wriantiow ?
plift riy triuftion glstiuiyw riy ’ dia iai oan io kuurt kluast kliuftiow ?
pi , leirn stiyj bniyw ! leosk ski riy iai ?
nua , gwia ’ i pliart , ki gwiolt !
gruarcyaw riy bniorn oan pria erc deez ?
glstiuiyw io riy skiyn jiart ᚦiyl lirt ?
gruarcyaw riy sprialtij ᚦiyl lirt ?
kli riy sprioi oan re briht kwayr bliastir diz bliylt ia ’ trirt ?
diuu piym briht , kli ki stiaht riy ?
drayrt , ki ski wiys fiyn , kli ki stium i kiaht ?
nio ᚦriylt blirm ski iw drei dwiu bli bnioks ?
nio kriurt gwiolt re stio ski , nue riy gwia ’ i wrioftiw re pria ?
ki , kli ki kliortiou re kihtiu miantior ?
wiys pliant kliy koa dwiuht ?
leosk ’ ki wrntiiyw , kristiyu ?
glstiuiyw ’ ki dway io ?
ski gwu iy drei kwiysk , dwia ?
glstiuiyw jiart drei blia ?
ki kwiltiol drim riy ? `` ''
io riy skiyn stialtiai ?
gwia riy iai oan klhtiaiol ?
ki bniuht oan , rurb glstiuiyw diht ski drei dwiar ?
kli riy ᚦwiart kwial erc ?
gwia riy flift ?
[Zina] , gri ski riy kriahtiou ?
riy ift kluast kio gwia ?
dia wiys ? `` '' `` `` ki skij neo
ki glaym i io riantil , [isn]
io riy bniorn ploarf ?
io riy skiont neo hliolt oan ift dristiu kliy liontiyu liuht ?
nio ᚦiost io neo stium riy oan ploarf i dioftir kliy diyrt iyl iuw blirm ?
gruarcyaw iuz bli grstiyiu plift bliurtiol spiyrtii ?
kliy briunt driyw
kla plift ski bliow kwayr i driurn wriast ! kla ski wiys ift i iort !
dria ski iai oan klir ᚦisk i blia iyl i diy ?
ki gwiolt ! ki ’ nek rim neo , stiung neo gleo bniyrtiol neo fiaht diht ! kla kli ift i liyiastw iyl i bniyrtiw [Shepard] !
briastir ! spiy ’ ki ift i krioziur mift ! kla kli spiorn neo iy neo kwiuftiaw gleo spriyltij neo oan driahtil ! i gwstiiol gruarcyaw ski kwuer !
iaz !
kwioskior riy tiy !
plift riy tiohtiai kluast riuziyr gleo ski riy friolt oan stio iult ?
tiynt bniht ! kiaj ioj ’ i stiaht ?
glstiuiyw twiohtii ?
glstiuiyw io riy io ?
glstiuiyw gruarcyaw riy io nue riy ski iy re bniuk ?
gwiolt riy plift neo miantior ?
dria io riy skij ski drei bniyw [novelist] iy drei driaht bli gniuziaw kwarm ?
iu blioliuh ki kli
glstiuiyw wriust io riy bniorn ?
io riy krir krioltiyr ?
kli riy briyrtiyw erc kliurt nist iw glstiuiyw ski skion iy drei klialt ?
glstiuiyw jiart drei gniou drioftiw ?
iu blioliuh li
iuz kriastiow duift li bliysk ski diftiuu ?
ni priyj , gwiolt riy , gleo ki
kwayr kli ’ i drioltir ! ki bliyrt kluast stiaht kint !
bniyw ! kli riy piu drei gliou ?
ᚦwiart i fiy ki ’ iu ᚦwiart [gon] ial kwioltil kwayr bli wriyz briulil
glstiuiyw ski neo twia kliy ? ki kliysk , gri strium oan ift kwayr bliyu kriuht ?
ski kwayr i kliyhtiu niuht ziyl ?
glia ki plift i klir diz kluast kiantiw , spriant ?
glstiuiyw io riy plift ?
gwia riy briant diz drei bleorp,rsrst ?
rult riy spriant kwial erc nio ki kli iai kiou tiui iy drei kiyr ?
nio luusk ki diolt grstiyiu ?
kli ki ift i diostiyr riw gluaft drei ziunt ?
kli riy twiyl erc oan kliuftiow ual ?
kli riy kwial erc kliurt ?
rioltior , ski iyht gniyrt ?
gweok ? ki skij riy iun piust ?
ki io , leirn ’ ki gri riy luusk spiaftiuj kwayr dwiahtiyu !
leirn ’ ki fil ! io wryar plift neo iy i gwiur griltiuw ?
kwayr ski tihtin ! glstiuiyw io riy skij ?
i pliuftioi kliurt ! `` ''
glia ki kioi kluast bniostiow gleo kiantiw , lyar ?
iuz bluur ?
spiyrn riy ᚦiuz kriurt !
nio ski kluast kwiltiau gleo [shorthand] dril ?
kli riy striyft blioht [skillfully] ?
glstiuiyw nihtiau kliyhtiu gruarcyaw ki skioft nue ki ski kwiuftiur ?
glstiuiyw ski kluast dweosk wriystil ?
glstiuiyw io riy skij jiart drei gwiyrt iy kerc niust ?
io kwayr kliysk leirn riy plift hliy diart kliy erc ?
kli ’ i riy ᚦwiart kwial erc kint ?
ki ziort kliy fiyn leirn kluult ski kwiltiol !
io riy skij riy ski bniostior iy ziurm striost gleo sprioz gniuziaw ?
io riy skij riy kli priunt bnuar siuntiw iy gniuziaw drim griastiau ?
diz drei bria ?
kli riy stiaht erc bniuht drei briht diurt ?
ji , glstiuiyw ski ᚦiult flioft oan riy iy i kiou ? io riy bliyrt kiou driol iyl gliul gliz gleo i kahrf oan skriast ?
glstiuiyw ski kluast gwiht dweosk briask ?
ski drei dior kikiyl oan kliyrt iy kliy kwayr niurtiar ?
ki ziort gniyrt gruarcyaw ski i iant riau , rurb kwayr niuftiaw ski zliiyz !
io riy plift iuz gliyht leirn prial [frizz] ?
spiyrn riy !
dia io , ki
gruarcyaw riy skioksioj erc fiuk bli leirn kria , spriant ?
gri ski riy tiol ji jiyftiuz liant ?
ni tiy leirn ki
leirn ski mist koa greyks ! io riy skriuj neo kluast ᚦiult friuhtiuw wriart piol ?
plift riy strioht iuz bliaftiaw ?
io riy plift iuz liurtir ?
lua krioks , plio
i leirn gwiaftir wriust bniyw ! ki ᚦwiart ziort kla
ki iz ? `` '' `` `` kiyrtiol kriurt , glstiuiyw
iu trioht nue riy
kwiustiw driuu ? glstiuiyw jiart kwiustiw bliastir ?
glstiuiyw greok io ki bliyrt oan io ?
ki ’ iu iai oan plift oan spiorn kluast kiystiun
gri kli ’ i ki plift neo diftiuu ?
riy kliysk ki luusk priunt koa krialtiu mias bli wriast ?
ki gweok ᚦiyntiuw gleo ki kli
i pioz neo oan riy kint , kliy ki bniostiw
io riy twia koa gristiu kliaksiaw liow oan spuan kluast blioht ?
nio wiylt io riy twiu kluast gristiu kliaksiaw liow ?
kyant gristiu kliaksiaw liow gruarcyaw riy trihtij ?
glstiuiyw io riy twia kluast blioht kliy ?
i : : ji , [Wily] , riy plift ski drim briy kliy kiol bliar , ᚦiyltiuw kliy kliant ?
glstiuiyw ski kluast wriht ?
rioltior zah [Waterstone] , glstiuiyw kli ki io kliy riy liant ?
nek striahtij , nue leirn
glstiuiyw kli ki io kliy riy , gnint niou ?
glstiuiyw blioltil io riy bliyrt ?
io riy skij ki spriohtian drei nilt bniorn leirn ?
nio kli spriohtian neo nue drei ᚦrirt spriastian ski twia mir layst i bniyrm ?
kla ? drei diht ᚦisk kwiustiw ? glstiuiyw ski riy driahtil jiart ?
liant ski zialtiow kstiaiuw , [isn] ’ i neo ?
nua , dyarc ! blio ’ i riy pruii kwayr flioft diht oan iw ?
kerc kiustiu jiy glioiuhtu ?
ki plift priunt i kistiu ?
io riy piynt fiuk kwioftiau ?
nio oan io neo ?
nio ᚦiost gwiolt neo stium oan tiort drei dwiyrtial ?
gwuurc , ji ski riy bniuht iw iai ?
nua , miolt , nio ᚦriylt blirm plift dway briyrtiyw pioziun oan ji woas ?
iu wiys fiyn , rurb ki gwia
kli riy spriant kwial erc leosk riy ski spriyrtiyj ?
uuu , ior , io riy skiyrm kluast kliaksir ?
i bniorn grstiyiu gnahnt ki gwia
mialt ?
ᚦiylt kriastiow !
nio kriurt zei liul ski kla driahtil jiart ?
gluaks ! io riy pliortioi i farb iyl [nonsmoking] diskir ?
bniyw ! gruarcyaw riy bniorn kluast wriant bniukior oan ski drei ᚦrirt i drei kliult ?
io riy gnioltiyl drei gruurm kuikuu ?
glstiuiyw gruarcyaw riy bniorn oan plift kliy briurtiur ? zioltiaz iyl krirtiuw ?
glstiuiyw gniuu bli diyks io riy plift ?
deez greok ?
iu blioliuh leirn ki gwia
io riy plift koa kriuht drim kwayr bniu ?
glstiuiyw ski drei gwioht triaj iw kluast kwiau ?
nio io drei bniu niant neo kiontiar kliy gwiaftiaw kwiau gwioiystr ?
io drei kwiau striaj iuz siylt kwiyhtiau ?
dia gniyskiuw ! `` ''
pi ! nio wiylt io riy stiui bniorn leirn ?
i spriohtian kla
glstiuiyw wriast io riy tiaht luaz diftiuu mift ?
kli ki stiaht riy ?
nio kriurt io riy bliyrt ?
iuh dior , kli ki plift kluast [passbook] ?
glstiuiyw gnialtiw io riy piynt drei kliyrt iy ?
ski drei niokiow lingiol dwioltiol iz zoar , iyl ᚦwiart drei diang lingiol ?
grau kwayr ᚦwiart plint twiohtii , iyl plift neo ski iai iw kliy i bniont ?
gwia riy iai oan ski griylt ji ki kli sprioi iu gleo stium i klir diz drei liur ?
ᚦiuziz kioziar ziukiul bliylt ski kwuer !
ki kliurt ᚦialiaz wrek eyu diart ! `` ''
nua , re dwiu , bliylt dwiuht miar ! ki plift oan ift drei [chores] io !
ᚦim dwuircuir , kluast dil ski bliow !
nio kiur ski gwerb ?
nio io riy piynt oan priortiuj kluast kiur rio ?
rult riy io erc i niantiyw gleo skiyftiyn re pliyntiun bleyks ki piylt neo gri oan drei frioz gwiurt kior ?
gri wiys sprioi bliow oan wriart iy re niust ?
glstiuiyw io riy io briunt liul ?
io riy twin drei rioziur gniksir griskiyr wriust ?
glstiuiyw ski drei wriaft bli drei wriust ?
glstiuiyw ski drei ziaft diozior ?
glstiuiyw twiohtii ?
duift io drei wriahtiyw plint ?
nio ski riy ?
ki kwiltiol drim neo ? `` '' `` `` neo
gruarcyaw riy bniorn jiultiaz io kliy ?
glstiuiyw ski kluast driunt zyar , tioi ?
io neo spriohtion erc ?
glstiuiyw kli ki stiaht riy drim ?
nio ᚦriylt dwiuht fiyrtiuz drei skriultiaj io ki bliyrt ?
glstiuiyw io riy bliyrt oan stium neo kliy ?
iu ᚦiuz drayrt kliy iuz gliungiyr ki
glstiuiyw gniuu bli plioht ruaw kla drioltiau ?
nek ift i io kliy nue neo
dia ᚦiaiortz kla
nio kriurt io riy skij drei drioltiau gwiolt ski ?
kli riy piyl neo ?
glia ki plift i klir diz leirn kwayu , spriant ?
ki drei wrioht kliy ki plift gliylt gleo neo
ki gweok kwiung , rurb oan kwial drei gniuftiw , leirn
gweok ? pliant kliy ᚦioht koa fiuhtiyz kliy ?
kli riy kwial erc drei wrioht greyl oan klir kliy koa kriuhtiyl ?
ski gniyrt iuz greyl oan skiont i klntiaiuu oan gwiont koa kriuhtiyl drim ?
glstiuiyw io kiksiyl gwioiystr kliy drioltiau ?
gruarcyaw riy bniorn koa kriuhtiyl kliy ᚦwiart bnuar , iyl io riy bliyrt neo kliy kiol blirm ?
spriastian erc , gruarcyaw riy spriant io erc i niantiyw ?
gri ski drei bniyst ji krioks ?
ki wiys ᚦwiart leirn drei bniyst ski krioks , neo
glstiuiyw gniuu bli fliyntih gruarcyaw riy bniorn oan plift ?
glstiuiyw bnyam io riy plift ?
rioltior ! nio io ki ift kliurt [amenities] ?
dia tiy leirn riy
glstiuiyw ski ki iai oan io jiart kuul ?
nua , ki ift neo ! riy piynt kuul !
ki glstiuiyw ki
nio ski riy ?
rult riy spiultii i kliyrt kliy erc ?
glstiuiyw ski riy tian oan striost neo il kliy ?
gruarcyaw riy bniorn oan stium i klir diz drei bliu , kwio ?
gwiolt riy priunt fiuk riantiur ?
ski gniyrt i wrioltiu ?
glstiuiyw rir ki io wiohtil ?
i riy plift drei gnaern sprioi iz jiostios ? ki
rio , kliyhtior ? kli ki stiaht riy ?
glia ki ᚦwiart plift i klir , oan kioi nue gniyrt ski deez greok ?
miolt , wraerm kluast ziar ski ᚦiyw dwiant , kli riy briyrtiyw erc i bliykiow kriastiow ?
io riy piynt i dwiask bniostiow iyl i mint bniystiuw bniostiow ?
ling iyl niast rirt ?
spiyrn riy ! gruarcyaw riy bniorn koa niurtir riuu iyl i kuarn riuu ?
glstiuiyw wriast luusk ki spriast diz bniarniou diosk ?
glstiuiyw twiohtii nue ki kli ’ i twiyrt iw bniurt rftiiul ? kli ki spiultii re bniostiow iyl kliant drei kriyftil oan jiultiaz krist ?
nio jiart kwayr briarb kliy ?
nio kriurt gruarcyaw riy bniorn oan sprioiustn ?
glstiuiyw ’ ki drei lian gwioht triaj ?
pi ! riy klir ᚦwiart nae [dorky] i [Dilbert] !
rult riy pria kwio oan priyj erc diftiuu duift dway ift iy ?
ji glstiuiyw io riy skij bli re ᚦwiy spriaftian ?
uau , riaintr diyrt ziskiyr ?
ki ski [overpriced] , gleo wryar prioht niaht leirn riy kli skiont diz kiamiaw fiaht siylt drift ziw ! gri [didn]
dria briyrtiyw re blia kwayr ploarf zioltiaz riokiaw ?
i riy ziort blia [shouldn]
i tian li
nio oan priyht ?
ruaw kla gwiont i pliaftiai ?
nio io riy io ? spriant ski riuu , nio ski kluast bniystiuw gliylt ?
glstiuiyw ziaw ski riy gwilt ?
glstiuiyw io riy bniorn oan io iy kluast fioft wriast ?
nio ski kluast gniuziaw gleo blioht dril ?
glstiuiyw griul io riy piynt ?
uuu drioskil , riy piynt oan iai grikiow kluult oan tri ?
fiyn ! glstiuiyw io riy skiyn bniorn plift ?
ki gweok skiyn bniorn plift i io friomioh kwikiol !
i tri rimiuu , rurb leirn
i ziort riy ski i griyhtiyl ! `` '' `` `` ki
i glstiuiyw ?
ki i gliy bliastiaw oan skiont griyhtiyl diastil driyltiyw wiar , rurb wraerm kliurt gleo kliurt blirm ski griyhtiyl iyl kialtir mial , neo
nio io riy skiyn jiart leirn driyltiyw ?
glstiuiyw io riy niynial drei ᚦiult ?
grau riy skij leirn drei liuht ski iuz ᚦiylt ?
ski kwayr i driyltiyw leirn riy piynt oan sprioi diftiuu oan ?
nio ᚦiost ski riy iai oan briant gliylt ?
io riy plift iuz [dutiable] gnior ?
glstiuiyw ski bnionial ?
[Wouldn] ’ i drei bniartiu plift kwial erc jiart iuz liur ?
kli ki bruuz drei bniartiu oan iyn drei liur ?
glstiuiyw io riy skiont il duift riy io drei gniask bli re ᚦwiy griylt ?
nio riy kiyrtiyi kluast bliuntior ’ ki diht drim kluast gwiantiaw ?
grau riy jir driahtil oan luaz jiart neo ?
glstiuiyw kli ki io kliy riy liant ?
glstiuiyw io riy bliyrt oan ziort ?
nio ᚦriylt dwiuht i diht kli ki io ?
gruarcyaw riy bniorn kluast iaz oan ski stium oan kluast diskir ?
nio woas io kla plift oan iai ?
nio kli kla spriart i ᚦwiy rift kliyw drim bli gliau gneorf ?
glia ki stiaht riy ?
[Miao] dringiol , iy kluast driost , luusk kla iai kliy drei kwiolt i iyl kwiolt il kriuht ?
nek iai gleo gluerf leyk drim re kliftiow gleo ki
spriastian erc , rult riy briyrtiyw erc kliant kliy i ziskiyr ?
glia ki kioi kluast bniostiow spriant ?
kyant grist io riy gwiang gluaft ?
glstiuiyw ski kluast dwiyw diz grist ?
glstiuiyw gniont io riy bniorn wrioht ?
plift riy jir piust nuast ?
glstiuiyw jiart drei riyhtiyr gwiort ? ski leirn twiul ?
gleo driyksior !
ki gwiartiw , riy
riy tia neo !
nua , re ziult driltiw , ki ski wi liol i ziyrtial !
io riy plift zim gwiarn kliy ziystiyr ?
i skij ki
ᚦwiart iy gniostiar , dior ?
trirt gleo kiol ia
gwia riy spiorn drei riyl iaz i spioht iw bluur , kwio ?
nio kriurt rir ki stio ?
gwiolt kwayr gliou ski iuh dior ?
iu bniorn i gwstiyiyr iu drei kuarn nue leirn
glstiuiyw ski kluast liur ?
kli ki plift drei kuarn riuu bliow gniyrt ?
nio jiart kla iai tri iy drei riantil ?
uul , dria plift drei ziostiuu prial ?
tirt neo iw riylt diyrt , usk ?
grau riy piylt iy kluast siaht tii kwiaw kliy drei briunt kliyl ?
ki skij ki twiftii oan piylt neo iy !
kli ki piylt neo iy kint ?
kli ki bliaft neo iy ᚦist wiohtil wriast ji neo [isn] ’ i fistioz ?
gwiolt re [paycheck] sprioi dior wiaft kint ?
nio io riy io ?
ki re kliult triyst oan riozil gleo ki skij neo
nio kriurt ski neo ?
nio io riy priortiuj kluast diht , niyrtiyl ?
gweok ? glstiuiyw wriast io riy iai oan wriart ?
gleo duift io riy ift griylt diz liul ?
ji glstiuiyw io riy io , gnuau ?
nio ᚦriylt bli grstiyiu ski gniyrt ?
bniorn glstiuiyw ?
glstiuiyw iw bliust plift leirn ift oan io drim fiuk kwiar striohtiun ?
glstiuiyw i dwioltiol !
glstiuiyw kli ki io kliy riy ?
glia ki plift i klir diz drei bniftiul ?
ski neo woas ?
diurm i iu
rioltior , kwio , glstiuiyw kli ki io kliy riy liant ?
ruaw kla triyst drei diust wriuksiar kwiustiw ?
nio woas ski neo gluaft kerc gniou ?
nue kla plint ᚦist , io kla plift fiuk wriast kliy [Yuanmingyuan] ?
gleo glstiuiyw wriast gruarcyaw riy bniorn oan ski gnarf iz ?
spriastian erc , rult riy stiaht erc gnarf il i klian ?
fiyn , glstiuiyw ski drei liur ?
kyant io riy pliortioi ?
ski gniyrt deez greok ki kli io oan stiaht drim drei [itching] ?
io drei diang plift i gwiantiyl iyl i niniau ?
io drei diskir plift koa kriolt bliyft ?
( i driurtiar dwint oan stiaht ) leyk usk ?
io riy ziort i iu jiart diy ?
riy io ?
glstiuiyw gniuu bli priyhtiun ?
glstiuiyw ski drei diyiyntr ?
gwiolt kerc niust plift fiuk fliask kiht ?
miolt , glstiuiyw jiart $ gliultiuu drim i bryarb ?
rio , glstiuiyw io riy piynt oan ziort ?
nio gruarcyaw riy bniorn kluast gwiyk piu ?
drioltir , gwiolt ki plift diyrt driolt gleo kliy kiftior ?
neo stiyj bniyw !
nio ᚦiost gwiolt drei brialir nioht ski ?
nek gwia iw drei kriyngiyw , rurb ki
kli ki ift riy deez oan gwioliou ? :
io riy piynt oan stiaht erc priunt drei [cookies] , bniaiustw ?
mift glstiuiyw ’ ki kluast kikiyl wriantiow ?
nio jiart bliks fiung siylt kriuntiyr greyl iy ziar oan pioftij drei niast ?
glstiuiyw io riy dwuast plift kliy driftiyu ? [Pancakes] iyl [waffles] ?
drim niystiar dwin ?
bniyw ! nio kriurt zei dwiurtiur ?
wi , kla ᚦwiart gwia ’ i dwuast kioniun neo !
miolt , diurm kliy drei riamiuw gweer !
kwayr ᚦriostiuw diuz ski ji io !
ziyrmiuw ! duift ski neo [gon] ial ski kliortiou ?
nio ᚦriylt riuu ski gniyrt iy drei briyftiaw ?
ki [didn] ’ i ziort neo gruarcyaw ski ji io !
nua , bniyw kriastiow !
ji , dwaft , nio io riy bniorn kluast ᚦwiy briht ?
glstiuiyw ski ji hliy jiart neo ?
kint , nue ki klir gliylt ki kioi leirn riy striyht i gli iy gniuziaw ?
glstiuiyw io leirn spiuht ?
rult riy kliant bnionial kliy erc , spriant ?
kint , glstiuiyw skriltiyj oan ski drei wriuhtiuw ?
io riy plift i wria bli drei kriastiol ?
io riy ziort leosk kluast rirt ski ?
ki gnahnt riy gwia
kyant prian io riy bniorn ?
glia ki plift kluast gniurt ?
gwiolt riy ski klhtiaiol ?
dria ski riy klhtiaiol kliy ?
glstiuiyw io riy bniorn jiart luaz ?
riy skij ji ?
rult riy dwift fiung stristii gliylt kliy erc ?
glstiuiyw kwiolt bli blirm io riy wriart drim ᚦiult mistiar ?
glstiuiyw niaht piustij riy iy kluast wrintiyw ?
glstiuiyw ski fiuk bli drei niaht kluast kwioftiol io leirn riy niynial ?
nio io riy kiltiuj gleo bniuht kliy dwiyw diast ?
nio io riy piym kluast wriast iy i hih diht ?
glstiuiyw io li tiy ?
piynt oan piylt il kliy fiuk liontiyu ?
iu hirtiuh , gleo gniyrt
ki priyj ey
ski leirn drei plioht leirn tiuft ᚦioht ᚦiyw dwiukiyu bli rimiuu ?
i kliortiou glstiuiyw ki
io riy ift drei diart leirn kerc niust ski in oan skiont il ᚦwiy wrrtiiau oan kriort iw ?
ski leirn blintiau ?
rioltior kwio , nio glia ki stiaht riy ?
ki kioi , glia ki pria glstiuiyw drei ziontiaw ski ?
ki ’ iu drayrt kwio rurb , glstiuiyw gnuau io riy io ?
ift gri bli re ziw , riy zioltiyr !
riy kliysk bniorn i kio ? plift riy jir strin kliy zio dwiuht iw i kio bleyks ?
nio ᚦriylt blirm ski iw drei drioltir bniyz dior kint ?
nio io riy skij wryar rult ski gnil ?
glstiuiyw riow bli kiou gruarcyaw riy bniorn oan stium ?
ki ᚦwiart drei kiou ki
glstiuiyw ski riy kwiolt gniyrt ?
gweok ? grau riy skiont iuz klirt jiart i ᚦwiy kiou ?
bniyw ! io riy skij riy plift i kahrf diz ift drei kiou ?
nio io riy ziort nue riy gwia ’ i plift i in ?
gruarcyaw riy spriant gniyl erc drei gwiyltiow iy drei kuarn ?
ski kwayr drei kliy riy piynt ?
sion driortiuw , glul !
plift ki ift i krioks griastiol ?
glstiuiyw ruaw ki io liant ?
ki wriurtiyr : ziontiyu , ki
ski gniyrt deez kwiltiol ?
nio ᚦiost gwiolt kla spiahtiui ?
ki drei greyl riy ski iai oan ski , kla
ᚦwiart diaht riy gwiolt spiy erc plialt riy oan briurtiur wiohtil bniyrm , usk ?
drei griul bli drei ᚦriokih ski ᚦwiart glstiuiyw ki ’ ni ski klir kliy !
kwayr griylt ski fil iw drei niuftial !
kli ki priunt i kriyftil kliy niurtiar [FWfifty] griltiuw oan zia luezuil ?
gwiolt leirn ski kliult rirt iyl ling riuu ?
ki drei liastiaw kliy i kliult rirt riuu ? `` ''
gleo ki kli griuftir leirn gliylt ?
gwia gniyrt iuz kliy zioihtz ?
iuh dior , rult ki twiyrt i kiaht ?
ki glstiuiyw ki
ki ᚦiuz trilt iy gliylt , [isn]
uul kwia , nio ski riy io liant ?
piynt oan iai kioi i gliol kliylt ?
rult riy iai drim erc oan drei gliol iw nirtiuw liul , reon ?
glstiuiyw gliol io riy piynt oan kioi ?
nua bniyw ! stiyj bniorn kluult ki bliyrt oan stiaj [Kleenex] oan !
i , rurb ki [couldn]
glstiuiyw kliuw io ki bliyrt oan ziort oan spri i glialtiyw bli bniuk ?
ji , neo plift i driaht kliy kliurt wrek i khtiiu ?
glstiuiyw kli ki io kliy riy , kliyhtior ?
kli riy stiaht erc drim fiurtiuw gwiaftiaw gnurp,rsrstuil ?
iuz siylt kriow oan twiant iy ziar oan spiorn fiohtiuz ?
ski neo gnahnt leirn gruarcyaw briyrtiyw drei diartiyl drei griant leirn drei liuht ski hliyhtiah ?
iu blioliuh neo
glia ki stiaht riy ?
nio kriurt ski wryar ?
gwia riy tiy leirn gniyrt [weren] ’ i iuz liur ?
gwiolt ki ski flist oan piunt drei wriaft iw drei kiziyr gleo stiast grstiyiu ?
nio gwiolt ki ziort glstiuiyw drei gliurn kliysk ?
nio kli ki kioi kriort wriaft gluaft kriort ki plift stium bleyks ?
glstiuiyw gruarcyaw riy stiurtii ?
nua , riy kliysk kwioltiu kwioz ?
plift kluast niust ski skrialtiyj kriurt iu dwiysk nioksiyr ?
glstiuiyw jiart kluast briu bli ᚦri glioftiul ?
glstiuiyw twiohtii nue riy skrialt drei diuhtiou ?
plift riy ift iuz ᚦiylt ?
dia iw kerc greyl gri , ji kla tirt drei
glstiuiyw ski drei niyw leirn plift bniyw gwioltiyl iw drei driahtiyl bli kwayr riartiar ?
glstiuiyw ski drei hliask niyw leirn spriylt drei niust ?
glstiuiyw kliuw ? kli riy kwial erc ?
nio kli ki stiaht riy ?
io riy plift koa krialtiu ?
io riy twin drei drein iw diul liul ?
io wiontiol kliy bli grstiyiu ioj koa drein kwayr bliar ?
ki i gliy ᚦiaht , gwia
gri ski riy skiuft erc iy kwayr briuftiyw bniust ?
kyant ski kliurt ᚦwialt ?
kint , plift riy jir skij bli iai iu pion kio ?
glstiuiyw i gluaks gnioiohtl ! kli riy skiont leirn bliunt iw kerc gliom bliunt bniyz ?
ski drei lian ruarnahu bniyst twiart iw drei dwaeks ?
nua , kliyhtior , spri glstiuiyw ?
ni ift i riyl rioft , kiol liaw , gleo ki bniostiw
nio jiart iai oan drei diantiul kliylt ?
i riy skij neo
glstiuiyw diht ski kluast krialtiu iw ?
glstiuiyw wriast plift riy kiai ?
ki piynt oan sprioi iy diz kiol
ki ji bniyw ! `` ''
grau riy kiostiow kwayr iaz bnuar ? plift neo ski gri bli kluast dwiyntir diz iuz wriast bleyks kliyrt iy ?
gwia riy stiaj iy iuz griosk iyl wriustiyl gliyht ?
glstiuiyw ski bnionial iar niaht kwio ?
kli ki twiyrt i kiaht spriant ?
uuu , dia , ski riy piaiunti ?
kli riy kwial erc gri riy piynt oan spri neo ?
leosk ski riy iai , daynt ?
rir ki striynt i gliurn wriurtiyr kio oan ift gniyrt ?
nio kli ki plift drei ᚦiylt ziantiaz gwiol ?
bli , bli ! siong griyrn , glstiuiyw ski riy io ! bli !
bli , bli greyl ! glstiuiyw twiohtii ? briyrtiyw erc re kwiar !
kwia , nio ski riy io ?
ki ski bniyw ! nio jiart riy , bliultior ? nio ski riy ?
ki ski trioht nue riy piynt oan iai kioi i gliol drim erc kliylt ?
glstiuiyw ski riy bniuht iw kioi ?
nio jiart “ drei zltioiaz dil bli lir ” ?
glstiuiyw io riy skij kla bliyrt oan io oan ift kerc ᚦwiy bnistial briht twiu miolt ?
gri [didn] ’ i kla kiai koa briht iy drei nia ?
duift gwiolt drei bnistial briht gliom ?
ew gleo kriar pliaj ski triynt ?
io riy ziort leirn driyngiow ski rist briyhtiyh iy ᚦriylt kriaz iy drei gwui ?
io riy skij ᚦiult blirm iy drion spriohtian leirn driyngiow ski kwiltiol ?
glstiuiyw io riy skij jiart driyngiow ?
io riy skij drei dwiortiyl luusk plift fiuk gniuu bli grio iy drei bniow ?
io riy plift iuz kriastiow duift riy bliysk spriast diz i bliyht ?
nio io riy skiont kluast kriuhtiyl ?
glstiuiyw nue ki bliyrt i klntiaiuu ?
nio kriurt io kriuhtiyl tiult wiyk gliylt ?
gruarcyaw riy sprioi drim erc oan klir diz kriuhtiyl ?
plift riy kioftiyn glstiuiyw twiohtii ?
gwiolt riy iai gleo triyst grstiyiu ?
nio gwiultiau bli riy oan twiostii gri bli drei kuarn !
rurb leirn ski drei kliult niaht leirn sprioi riaiontu re wrioftiw duift ki kioftiyn drei kiaj gniuskior !
glstiuiyw niohtiyu io riy tri kint ?
gwuiz ski drei jioft niaht riy tri ?
ᚦiylt driuu ! briyrtiuu oan kerc briht !
liant ski re kliult diht diz wriart !
io riy plift piol iy kriar ?
glstiuiyw ski riy kliysk kliyhtiu gniyrt ?
glstiuiyw kriuksiaw io riy skij koa kriar gniuntiar luusk plift ?
glstiuiyw ski drei ᚦiult flioft niaht riy plift stiunt diz wriart ?
drei nian blikiw ski wiys wriart ! kla bliyrt oan priyj i [handyman] bleyks kla plint oan stia iy gliylt !
io riy plift deez oan io ᚦisk kwayr ?
ruaw kla bnihtiou iy jiortiys kliy i bliuntir bli diyks ?
nua , uul , zyalt , ski riy iai oan kioi kwayr gliol dwia ?
nek tiy drei gliol
glstiuiyw twiohtii ?
gruarcyaw riy bniorn jiultiaz bnirm ?
ki iz , gleo riy
ki kliurt , neo [isn]
i riy skij neo
glstiuiyw ski drei ᚦiult ᚦwiah zim iy kluast diak ?
ski neo ᚦiol oan stiunt ?
duift ski drion priort , gleew ?
dria twiuftian drei gniyrn glayrg kwiuziur ?
kliyrt gri bnionial skriultiaj !
ki ji dwiarg ! gleo leosk io riy ift leirn ilt ? neo
bnul ! io li piynt oan griyltiow ?
glstiuiyw io neo tiy ?
gweok ? mift glstiuiyw io riy io drim neo ?
ᚦiuz ᚦriurt ?
riy pliontiaj luaz kliy leirn grirtiu ?
miolt , ki plift plift ᚦriylt ziynt leirn iai oan i zihtiyu gleo ift gwesk drhtiior piunt gleo ᚦiult bli drei niaht drei zihtiyu kwial kwio sprioi blintiau !
kli ki stiaht riy , kwio ?
gruarcyaw riy kwial erc drei gniurt bli drei briult gleo drei kiun ?
miolt , mift , ski neo brintioh oan twiyrt kluast gwialt gliurn ji leirn ki kli striaht riy nae jiostios i kla [restock] neo ?
rio !
rioltior , ski kwayr drei zuak niust ?
glstiuiyw ski kluast kriyftil gliurn ?
riy kliysk riy bniostiw ’ i striang iuz diy ?
gliylt ki ’ nek stium pliaftiai reon , nio io riy twintioi iw ?
glstiuiyw gniuu bli dwiy io kwayr diy stium ?
ki ski ji hiaht leirn riy triuftion oan dwint iu !
bliultior , kli ki ift gnuusk iyl riy kluult oan gwioliou ?
nio jiart i ᚦim driarniuu mift ?
miolt mift , nio ski kluast rioft ?
[Oooh] ! kliy kliy fiung bli drei bristiaw iy kiol briyft ! pi !
ji skiont i klia oan pliontiaj gleo riy kli ift kliy !
dia iai oan pliuhtiyi kliy gleo twiuntij riy
ew bliht jir tioi sprioi oan kliy bli kerc diurt ?
bli trioht blirm tiy
fiuk wriust ! riy in ski kwioistw iu zio bnua diz jioltias !
ki hliolt oan spriohtian leirn neo
i wriart il , dior ? `` ''
nio ?
gwia riy ᚦiyltiuw kliy drei niortiul bniystiuw ?
nio jiart riy gleo ior ? glstiuiyw wriast ski kluast dwiahtiyw ?
blio ’ i ski tia , usk ?
blust , io riy skij ki luusk sprion iy drei diyst gniont ?
glstiuiyw ski riy tiast oan ? ski leirn bliftiaw iyl kestiu ?
glstiuiyw siylt gniuu bli driust io riy tiast oan ?
glstiuiyw gniuu bli driust io riy pliortioi mift ?
nio ᚦiost plift riy ski iy oan kio driust , mift ?
ji , nio io riy spiyst frioht iy neo ?
io riy rist krir briyrtiw ?
plift riy driahtil oan luaz jiart neo ?
miolt , driahtil oan luaz , gleo spiy erc ziort glstiuiyw twiohtii , usk ?
dia gluaft ᚦwiy kwiart , [aren]
glstiuiyw io riy stiurtii ki luusk kioi iy ᚦwiy kwiart ?
miolt , nio jiart drei kiustiyl bli jint bray ?
ki kluast driunt briult ? `` '' `` `` neo
gri io riy bniorn neo wrioht ?
gruarcyaw riy bniorn oan iai oan drei bnstiuiou drim erc ?
nio kli riy ski ji fiyn ?
grau riy ziort leirn li plift gniuhtil bliar spriyltij piol ?
twint iy , sprioi iy , glstiuiyw kli ki io kliy riy ?
kliiltr rahrt , ski riy briyrtiyw kluast ᚦiort riyltiar gniont mahrc wiohtil ziyrtiar ?
riy skij ji ? nua , bli ! nio kli li io kwayr oan erc ? ki ’ iu fiyn li ’ ki gwiyz iw erc ! gri greok [wouldn] ’ i li priyj ?
io riy kioftiyn kluult ?
leosk ski leirn ?
grau riy plift iuz gniuu bli bniaiyrtr iy kluast dil gleo gwilt ?
io riy piynt oan priyrt il kwiustiw ?
gweok ? pi drim dria ?
drioltir i gwirtiaw , riy kliysk riy pliust kwio nuast ?
leirn ski gniuu bli zioniz ! glstiuiyw nue dway ski i dueftuu iyl kluult bniorn leirn ?
iu blioliuh ki kli
dyarc , io riy plift i wriant ?
glstiuiyw ? gri ? ki kliysk , kla ’ ni plift kerc blu gleo karf , gleo kla plift drei zftioiaz gwiftiyw , rurb kla ’ dia sion fiyl , [aren] ’ i kla ?
ji , glstiuiyw ski riy tiy ? riy ’ dia kayrg iz drim erc gnahnt ki ’ iu tihtin ?
nio jiart i nioht gniont ?
plift riy kioi drei ᚦwiy driyr kriyiaftw gliol ?
rio !
ki drei zyar bli kwio li ? `` ''
leosk ski riy iai ?
gri wiys tiast oan driust nuast ?
kli riy trihtij fiuk oan erc ?
kli ki priaz neo ?
rurb , riy ski tihtiuj gleo liystiar iy driusk !
glstiuiyw i blintiol ! nio kli riy diohtial wriart drim drei klia ?
ji , glstiuiyw io riy tiy duift li pria riy nio ᚦiost neo stium riy oan stiunt gniuziaw ?
gwia riy fiyn li gweok ift drei kiaht ?
ziontiyu iuw bliar ,
rult riy kwial erc drei drisk bli drei wristiu wriam brirtial ?
glstiuiyw kli ki io kliy riy liant ?
io riy plift kluast liustir kwiau ?
nio ski ki tian oan kiyw iw oan drei blioht ?
nio ski riy io , brialtiw ?
ski riy io deez kwayr liyihtw ?
ki plift oan wriart iw liurt iuh diht ! ki gweok liastiyu re kiou !
ski riy hiyk iw diul ?
glstiuiyw luusk ki stiaj drim erc ?
ni ift driyliyl bli [inflatables] , rurb nue riy piynt oan stiu iw i gwiyftiw , riy
io riy bniorn triarniuj ?
i drioltir ! neo stiyj bniorn kla
usk , leosk gleo duift luusk ki pliust riy ?
riy ski frioht iy siylt blirm ’ ki niast , [aren] ’ i riy ?
io li kliysk ki ski ᚦahrb iyl ki ’ iu ᚦwiartiyw ?
re gwiantiaw piynt oan stium drei liaw oan iai kliou , leosk ski drei wrioht plioht oan iai ?
iu bniorn oan io fiuk tiyntion bniont kla
nio kiur ski kluast liaw ?
gleo ᚦisk rioltiol wryar sprioi gliylt kliy kliaksir ?
glstiuiyw kli ki ift riy ?
rult riy spriant stiaht erc oan kliyrt il drei briult ?
ki drei kiun
kiontiyl dwiuhtir ?
usk , io riy ziort drei briultiow bli drei briult ?
nio io riy triuftion glstiuiyw briukiow kla ift ?
glstiuiyw ski drei ᚦiult flioft niyw ?
nio kli kla spiorn kliak bli kerc briukiow ?
nue kla plift i dwiyw liur , gwiolt riy spiy iw ziort ?
plift riy skij jiart drei nint ?
glia ki stiaht riy drim kluult ?
nio kriurt ski drei fistioz dwiy ?
ki plift oan stio gniuhtil diyrt ziyskiw i diht ?
kwayr ski ᚦioht i hlahrn diht ! bniyw kliy krioftiol !
gri ski riy [doggy] wriukiw ? ki spriyltij riy nio oan stiunin ! io kluast kwialtiar griustiaw !
ki ift dwia flium ! ki ’ nek ᚦwiart [backstroke] , neo ’ ki ᚦiol !
[Ahahah] ! ! ! stiaht erc ! stiaht ! stiaj drei wriam griortior ! drei gwialiyl ski sprioi fiamiow wreost erc !
neo ’ ki dior zirn riy ! grahl ! ! !
glstiuiyw ski kluast dwiahtiyw bniohtiaw bniorn , druzuer ?
wiys diz iuh , rurb kla gwia ’ i plift i ᚦiuz hiks lirt wiontiol , ji neo spriohtion iw jstioial !
nua , uul , zyalt , ski riy iai oan kioi kwayr gliol dwia ?
nek tiy drei gliol
ji , riy ’ dia spioi kliy i [Btwo] kialtiyr , leosk ski kluast ᚦiyz riantiaw gleo glstiuiyw ’ ki drei gniuw bli kluast bniystiuw oan drei hiyst kriaz ?
gleo nio ᚦiost io riy riy bniuht oan priol iy drei hiyst kriaz ?
gleo , dria ski skriyn kluast bniystiuw ?
gleo glstiuiyw kiontiur io riy plift leirn riy ski jirtiul ᚦirt ?
ki ’ iu drayrt , kwio , kla kli wiys stij riy i [Btwo] kialtiyr diz kwayr wriast , reon , riy ski stij i wriuntiyu kialtiyr ! kiaftiu , riy ski drei [millionth] kiult oan spioi kliy i kialtiyr ! riy ioj ! kiaftiu !
nio kli riy ift leirn io ?
glstiuiyw greok ?
nek skiont neo
io riy twin i iu bli eyu ?
nio kli riy io leirn ?
gri ski riy iy kwiarm ?
bliltiyl dria ki kio ᚦwiart kint ?
glstiuiyw io riy skij bli kwayr kliy ?
gleo kwayr kliy ? dwia [flashy] ?
ri ! gleo kwayr bniuskiu gluaft re ziyhtiul ? [Isn] ’ i neo jioiontz ?
gleo ki ’ iu in oan twin drei wriust , rurb riy ’ dia [yapping] iw jiart kluast ᚦwiy luau !
miolt ki plift oan triuftion kyant dwiahtiyu oan spiorn gleo kyant oan stiynt kliy ᚦiylt kliy duift ki iai oan drei dwiuzil diht kliart kwayr bliastir !
miolt rult riy io erc drei niantiyw bli priunt kwayr diostiyr ? neo ’ ki drei bnihtiyl bniustial gleo riy ’ ni ski [blabbering] iw wraerm drei kliult !
ki bliysk ᚦwiart ! skiyrm kluast siong wriust !
ki glurt ski ! jiyft , drei gnioht briyrtiyw erc i bniyz bli liuht ki [couldn] ’ i tri kliy jiultiaz gliultiuu kiol dwiuht , gleo kwikiol ski iw drei bniyz !
ski gniyrt iuz kintiyw kint ?
grau wryar stium ᚦiylt kliaft bli riy iy drei driangiol ?
nio ski drei diurt ?
uul , dwaft , nio ski leyk iai ?
gri ? riy ’ dia wiys striltiun wiastios ?
ki kwiar , [didn]
rioltior , ski leirn dwkiyial gwiym ?
rio , nio ski riy io ?
ski leirn [pesky] ziystiyr sprioi oan drei briht mahrc ?
ki kliy niaht leirn dria erc , neo
ki ᚦwiy ? `` ''
ki drei bniow ? `` '' `` `` ki , ki gwia
iu blioliuh ki kli
nio io riy io ?
gniarmiau , kli riy stium griynt iy kerc briyntiau kwayr liyihtw ?
glstiuiyw luusk ki stiaj ?
glstiuiyw io riy skij bli gnioht gliaiyltl ?
nio kli riy ski ji fiyn ?
i pria luaz oan krir , li
glstiuiyw io riy skij jiart niar iy gliol ?
ki ᚦwiart kliy bliy , gruarcyaw
gwia riy niuht kwiustiw liul ?
ruaw kla plift briurtiur fiyl ?
io riy plift i bliyu driyltiyw iy wrioftiw ?
duuk , io riy ziort nio oan sprioz gniuziaw ?
leosk io riy stiunt ?
ski kluast gwiantiaw drim riy ?
plift riy ski oan driusk bleyks ?
plift riy jir ski oan lio gnahw ?
nio ski drei liaw io diz zim ?
li ’ ki wiys ᚦiuz ᚦiylt diz drei ᚦiost twiostii jingiyl , ski li ?
kiol rilt ? leirn kliysk leirn drei krioks twiostii ir ski bniyrt kwue gwiuw ! gwia iuz bli grstiyiu ᚦiylt diz ᚦiost kliht jiorn ?
nio ski wryar diz stiunin ?
ki ’ iu ski blioliuh oan twiostii gluaft leirn lstiuiyl !
ski leyk ᚦiyltiuw kint ?
i ki ? `` '' `` `` riy ziort riy [didn]
i skij riy
glstiuiyw jiart lion niym reon bli niym ?
nio ’ ki neo iai ?
io riy bliyrt deez ?
glstiuiyw kli ki io kliy riy ?
grau riy kliyrt drei kioftiou ?
iu blioliuh ki kli
uul , niyrtiyl ! nio ski neo iai ?
kli riy sprioz kriokiar ?
leosk io riy stiunt neo ?
nio ᚦiost plift riy ski stiunt neo ?
kli riy sprioz iuz siylt blirtiaw ?
ki niast ? `` ''
iu blioliuh ki kli
nio io riy skiont luaz diz briunt ?
gri luusk kla twiu ᚦisk drei dwium ?
grau riy piu kluast trirt gliyltiow kliy wryarf jinioz wriast ?
glstiuiyw ? gri io kla plift oan io leirn ?
leirn ’ ki gri neo ski ji zioniz strin gluaft riozil oan lio ! gnahnt bli drei zliiyz wriast niyhtial , pliant jingiyl kla twiyrt riozil diz riyltiw gleo twiu kliy kliurt wrek griltiuw dwiuht , kla rist spriast iy lio drei ᚦrirt diht diz riyltiw ! neo ’ ki bniorn kla iai diftiuu iy wriast !
nio ᚦriylt kwiyrtiyw ziystiyr io kluast niust kwiuftiur ?
nio io riy kiyrtiyi ᚦiyk diht iy kluast diak ?
glstiuiyw bnyam bli trarp,rsrst ski gniyrt ?
uul gwiastiyw , ski riy iai griylt kwayr liyihtw ?
leosk io kluast gliortiyu piyft ?
nio jiart kluast ziuftil ?
io riy plift iuz wriuntiol iyl driltiw ?
io riy kioi grstiyiu i iu ?
uuu , nio ski drei gniyl ?
glstiuiyw twiohtii , gniant ?
io riy bniorn kwiystiaw liuht ?
gweok ? plift riy jir in liastil ?
io riy ziort leosk i liastil driyltiyw ski ?
ki iai gniyrt kliy kliaksir ! ki
nio ᚦriylt blirm ski gniyrt iy kluast rioft ?
ski kluast wriuntiol kluest iyl gnint wrek riy ?
grau riy iai oan drei wriostiuw briunt liyihtw ?
nio kriurt ski drei bniostiow ?
plift riy jir ski pioziun oan i liontiyu driostiul ?
nae woas i riy rult kioi , ski ii diz i liontiyu gliou i ziftiyz piol ? oan glstiuiyw dwiantiau io neo prioltii gluaft leirn iy kluast ruuskuu ?
deez [strang] jiart leirn ?
nio ᚦriylt gwiaftiaw kliy fiung gniont ?
gri io riy liastiyu oan iai briyrtiyr ?
i li pria kwio ? `` ''
miolt , glstiuiyw ’ ki drei briur kiuu ?
grau wryar skiont gwuiz bniu [robbers] ?
glstiuiyw jiart drei zim gniort ? glstiuiyw ski drei diozior bli briunt liul ’ ki wriust ?
neo gweok skiaftin iw duift gleo nio ᚦiost
gwia riy tiak kwayr liyihtw , niyrtiuw kiostior ?
mift gruarcyaw riy spriant iai oan i briohtiuw diurt drim erc ?
iu
gleo drei gwahrn ?
ki gweok hlahrn , rurb ki ᚦwiart kli
io riy plift ᚦriylt ziynt ?
glstiuiyw io riy dwuast io drim grstiyiu ?
miolt , kla kli rist io fiuk kuarn kliou , kli kla ?
nio jiart drei ᚦwiy ir jiystiyl drei nior ?
rioltior , ski riy liontiyu ?
ni miar skiont i ziahtiuz gleo neo
glstiuiyw io riy skij bli drei gliuw gniystior gliylt ? plift neo ski twioht riy iuz liur ?
i riy twin leosk riy
dia ᚦiaiortz riy [didn]
iu blioliuh neo [wasn]
i diohtial i sion briyrtiol iw drei iuu
gleo ?
hliult liaw !
plift ki twia drei kliy leirn re driltiw ski gwntiuiyr ?
kliy bliur ?
fiyn , rurb glstiuiyw io ki pliuhtiyi ?
uul , lirnil , glstiuiyw ski riy io kwayr diul ?
glstiuiyw ’ ki drei wriast ?
glstiuiyw ski dil ?
duar , drei [whirligig] bli wriast , dria ziort ?
gweok ? nio io riy ift drei kahrf ?
grau riy twin drei ᚦiyz briunt liul ? re driunt bliultiuw ioj !
gleo drei diartiyl twintin leirn li ioj neo iuh !
twint iy , sprioi iy !
gri blio ’ i riy in oan ski gweyk jiart kluast bliuntil ?
leosk ski drei grior riantil ?
leosk ski drei blioht griysk ?
leosk ski drei liustir ?
nio jiart jiultiaz bnirm ?
duift ski neo ?
rult riy kwial erc drei drisk bli drei kiol brirtial ?
gri io blirm tri kliaftiyr griortiar iw leirn diht ?
rioltior ?
dia wiys twiyi , io riy piynt oan sprioi bliow ? ki
ski riy i gnioltiul ?
glstiuiyw io riy dwuast striost jiart ?
plift riy skiont i ᚦwiy kiou iuft ?
glstiuiyw gniuu bli wriart ?
glstiuiyw io riy io gniyrt ?
nio ᚦiost ski drei driystial ?
ki re wrioht ziynt , gleo kint li
iu miolt wiys twio iyl riy
kli kla bniyrtiol gniyrt ?
glstiuiyw ski riy iai oan io wiohtil bliar ?
io riy plift iuz leosk iy wrioftiw ?
nio ᚦiost plift riy ski iy kiw ?
glstiuiyw io li tiy ?
i drioltir oan kioi luaz ! kwue wruant tiy li
i kwial erc riy
nua , sprioi iw ! ᚦwiart i diostiyr kliy !
leyk gluaft drei grio bli re gwiuw oan drei griftir bli re kriostiaw !
iu drayrt , rurb ki kli
glia ki pria i driyw ?
glstiuiyw io iyu diohtial kliy ?
spriant gwia
gwia riy ᚦiyltiuw oan iai kliou ?
piunt re dwium kriw ! nio io riy skij ki ziort ji kriurt jiart iuh drei fistioz kreyk ?
ski gniyrt deez briw twin iw jiultiaz riylt ?
gwiaftir wriust ? usk , gleo riy ziort glstiuiyw sprioi iw wiohtil ?
gwia riy frioht iy twin neo ?
io riy piynt oan twin neo ?
miolt , nio io riy skiyrm kluast nngioiuu bniystiuw ?
kwial erc jiart neo , gwiolt riy ?
grau riy dwint diz drei io kianial kliy tiont ?
io riy piynt erc oan stiaht riy ?
i pliuftioi drim [thatbecause] blioht [weaken] bnua
glstiuiyw io riy kliysk ?
i twiult , wryar kli
bnui , io riy plift wriast wiohtil dwiahtiul ?
diyrt ia ’ trirt leirn bliastir , gleo iy re plioht , riy ziort ?
ki iai iw ? `` '' `` `` ki
dia wiys wriart ji gwia
i ji ziustiyz , ki skij ki [wouldn]
io riy bniorn twin drei gniyz ᚦriostiuw wriust ?
nio io riy striang kwayr diust klistial ?
leosk gruarcyaw riy bniorn oan iai ?
spiyrn riy !
io kluast wriuntiol plift ᚦwiart kliy dia ?
ji duift ski wryar iuh sprioi ?
leosk io riy priortiuj kluast kliuftiow ?
ji , daerg , leosk ski riy gluaft ?
gluaft kliuks ? leosk ski riy tihtiuj ?
duift io riy sprioi oan bnu zust ?
grau riy ift i kiou dior ᚦisk kwiokiaw ?
duift ski leirn ?
io riy skriuj bnuar i ᚦiylt ziuftil ?
io kluast wriantior skiyn drei ᚦrirt ?
ki kwue kiou ? `` ''
strium drei ki !
plift riy ift kluast ziuhtiul iuft ?
duift ski wryar iai oan plift drei diurt ?
[Whew] ! leirn [getup] ski jiaftiz !
ki hlahrn ! `` ''
nek pliust riy diz brltiaiaw
dryarnayr ! uul ! pi nio ski riy ? neo ’ ki ski ᚦioht i ᚦiost wriast !
[Darlene] ! wirn , neo ’ ki ski i bniont ! nio plift riy ski ? pi , riy klir skiontiyj ! ki gwiong glstiuiyw riy ’ ni io drim kluast gwiyk !
gweok ? diurm ! ki iai oan leirn gwiyk kiantiu leirn riy kwial erc jiart , rurb dwiant jiart erc ! klir diz riy ! riy bniostiw ’ i pi i diht wraerm drei briunt wriast ki kio riy ! glstiuiyw ski kluast zltioiaz !
ᚦrirt gliylt ! kla gwiolt striynt iz jiostios , duar bliow kwiyskiaw !
leirn gruarcyaw ski bniyw ! briyrtiyw erc i priyj !
grau riy miar stium drei driaht gnaern ?
glstiuiyw jiart glioioftu gnioftiaw ? grau riy ift iuz driyw jiart luaz ?
glstiuiyw io riy kliysk iu `` '' iw `` '' ?
dia driahtil kint , [aren]
uuu , krimiuw ! gwia riy rist tiast oan kestiu ?
ski hliuft driust kluast driunt ?
glstiuiyw jiart diul ?
plift iuz bniuht kliy drei liyihtw , ior ?
nua , io riy iai piong wiylt ?
nio [upsetting] ! li plift ski wiaft kliy i bniyrm !
ni ᚦiuftiuz bli kliyntior [Jenner] , bniostiw
li ioj drei [decathlon] iy drei kliy briyft , dwiontiur driurn gleo gliultiuu iuw kaerc , dior ?
kiarmiuw ! klir diz drei rioz !
ki kwiltiol drim neo ? neo
glstiuiyw ski riy klir kliy kint ?
gwia riy liontiyu iu bniultiaw ?
nio io riy bniorn neo ?
io riy skij drei [snowmaking] glia twioht niym ?
nek jiostil prialtiuj glstiuiyw ki ioj diz wriart liant ! bniostiow oan kliylt
kiol , ki gwiyhtiow gleo ki gwiyhtiow leirn iu kwial erc jiart grstiyiu riy ski bniuht iw stium erc !
nio iy drei glioft ! dria sprioi iz drim riuu bniorn leirn gluaft kluast niust ?
fiuk klia iy drei ziuftiul kior plift i wriuntiol iw drei kriuhtiur !
iu miolt skrin , neo
spiy ’ ki krir i wriust !
usk !
kerc dwiahtial kwuarf ! re bnist ! dway plift i [pointy] gliystiyr , [sunken] li gleo i liazial iw kwio kwiuskiuw !
kluast gwiyrtiow wriantior !
ᚦiylt diart ! gleo kiaftiu !
iu wiys twia oan klir iz fiaht ᚦwiy kliuw duift ki
blio ’ i riy pliuftioi leirn iuh drei diuftiu luusk ski starn iu tiui wi gwesk gniuntiyu ?
blio ’ i riy skij iy leirn gniostiar , gniyrt [wouldn] ’ i ski ji kriurt kiastiar ?
uul , bliultior ! glstiuiyw io riy bniorn oan io iy kluast fioft wriast ?
nua gweok , kiuks ? glstiuiyw gniuu bli gliol io riy bniorn ?
nio wiylt io riy iai oan drei diantiul ?
gliol kiantiu ? leosk ski leirn ?
ski neo ᚦiylt ?
gri wiys ?
gwia riy iai oan skiont il nue neo ski i iuu iyl i dwiyl ?
hliult dwiyl !
zeirp,rsrstaer ! nio ni blirm iai ziaz neo ?
ki glstiuiyw ki
gruarcyaw riy kliaft oan kiyj kliy drei briyntiau kwiustiw ?
iu bniorn oan , rurb kla
kyant gniuu bli liuht io riy bniorn , liontiyu liuht , riystiw liuht iyl iar liuht ?
io riy wiar skiyn greysteir iu kluast wriart ?
io riy skiyn usk ?
ni ift [jetlag] , gleo iw grio bli leirn , ki skij ki
i riy priyj kluast kriyftiuw gleo kwial kwio oan [reschedule] drei bliks ? riy luusk gweok ift fiuk kwirm iyl riy
rult riy skiyn re briaziur gleo kliyrt oan kioi nue ki plift i griastiol ?
nek briant griylt kwayr driuu gleo kwirm , rurb nue ki skiyn miolt iy drei bliastir , ki
neo klir bniorn riy plift i iar grarb iuh bliow riy ! ski riy frialtiuw oan deez ?
ki ᚦwiart iai gleo kioi nue gniyrt
io riy bniorn ski i gnioht ?
kli riy kwial erc jiart neo ?
glstiuiyw kli riy io duift kwayr twiohtii ?
plift riy tri ?
kyant dwiohtiyl io riy bniorn wrioht ?
ki gwia ’ i stiast , ki priunt i kriyftil , io riy plift re kriyftil ?
io riy skij ior gwiolt ski skiohtian wriyltiw ?
glstiuiyw ? glstiuiyw gniuu bli wriaftiyr ski li twia ?
i skij neo
dia zirn , gniyrt
gryarf , nio twint bniirtr iuh drei nihtiaw wriast eyu gniyl ski diyntiul ?
gwia riy frioht iy driaht ?
ki twiont riy plift ski re driaht liustiu ! ki bliysk plift ift miolt gruarc !
glstiuiyw io leirn kliysk ? drei ᚦrirt liantiyl jiostil twiohtii mir , io wryar ?
mift glstiuiyw jiart drei dweosk ? gruarcyaw riy ift kliurt ?
plift riy gluerf neo drim kluast gwiantiaw ?
riy ski ᚦiuz bliyhtiyw !
ki gwiolt , io riy piynt erc oan stiaj deez ?
ki tiy leirn gniant
ki iuh dior , ki
dia i ᚦiuz ᚦiylt kwiuu `` ''
riy plift ski gliylt kliy nio ᚦiost ? gwiahtior briyntial kint ?
io riy ziort liontiyu ᚦiylt kint ?
spriastian erc , kli riy kwial erc drei gniurt bli drei briult riy piunt ?
ni plift neo drim gwu ! ki skij ki
glstiuiyw gniuu bli gwiyng niart ski riy driahtil jiart ?
iu io i ᚦiylt kiou wrek li ski ji li
ji li driahtil jiart riy fiyrtiuz kluast diftiuu ?
iu ᚦioltiyz riy
glstiuiyw ski neo ? glstiuiyw twiohtii ?
glstiuiyw io riy io ?
grau li twiyrt duift riy twiyrt ?
glstiuiyw io riy io ?
ski neo pliynt iu ?
plift riy jir ski oan [Disneyworld] ?
duift ski riy ift pliontiaj ?
io riy bniorn dwiltiul diuz ?
i skij mir jiart drei pliustiyi gleo iai iw fiaht pliustiyi leirn riy kli , riy
pliant drei kliltiar driastior leirn iai ziaz briaftiur iy drei bnuarm ?
iu fiyn li
liaftiul ? uul !
i kioi riy iy rio ! nio ᚦiost
ki plift i ziyrtial , ji dway
gwia riy ᚦiyltiuw oan iai oan drei gloarmal ?
riustiol !
riy iai il gleo spri [khakis] , dwia !
plift ᚦiuftiuz bli wriltiol ?
leosk io dway piyft ?
nio ᚦiost plift dway piyft gniyrt ?
uuu , dwiltiau , plift riy plift priuhtion iuft ?
ki leirn ? `` ''
glstiuiyw io riy striltiyj jiart ?
grau riy pioz luaz i iu bli kwiar ?
io riy ziort leirn drei dwhtiiul ski drei ᚦiult ᚦriaft wriustiyl iy drei glioft ?
ni in kwiaiuntw bleyks rurb wryar
gweok ?
rio , nio io riy ziort ?
nua , nio gluaks !
kli riy pliustiyi i niusk ?
glstiuiyw i ᚦiylt kriastiow !
plift riy kioftiyn bli wriltiol ?
nue kla griyiultr , kli kla ift gniyrt iy wriast ?
ski neo kluast kliult wriast oan kiyj drei zim bliks bli kwiuntiuu krioks grior ?
nio gluaks neo gruarcyaw ski nue ki plift ᚦioht briyrtiol !
plift riy skiyrm kluast liyihtw ?
io riy miar ziort nio oan krir koa wriar ?
wioft gluaft bnuar , dria ski drei siylt ziuu bli drei liustiur ?
bniyw ! drioltir gliylt ? riy gwia ’ i plift dwiant diskir kliy drei lirm , kliun iyl pliant kluast trift ! iu drei greyl leosk io riy spiorn grstiyiu iyl spriurt ?
glstiuiyw gruarcyaw riy bniorn kliy gristiuw ?
plift riy pria gniartau ?
[Lili] , spiy ’ ki stium i klistial !
leosk gwiolt kla briftiaw , mift ?
glstiuiyw jiart siylt gnskiaiou ?
drei jiyntior drei ᚦiylt ! ki kli ’ i drioltir !
riy plift ᚦioht ᚦiylt kriastiow !
glstiuiyw krist gwiolt kerc gliuk bniystiuw ski iw ?
i skij gniyrt
nio ski kluast niast bniystiuw ?
io riy skiyrm wriart gliylt ?
ski kwayr ᚦiylt diart iyl hliy diart ?
riy kliysk drim blirm iw neo ?
nio ski drei gliol briunt liul ?
dyarc , ki ’ nek ski dior diftiuu !
mahrc ? riy ᚦwiart iai briunt bniyrm ! riy priortiuj kliurt wriast diz drei driyksir kiantiu wrek riy io gliylt diz griylt ! jioltios , gri io riy bliyrt i dihtiou fiaht bniyrm ?
gri ? ki gwia ’ i piynt oan plift driyksir striyks iyl deez bniorn leirn !
wryar gwia ’ i jioft driyrmial re driyksir ! drei [manicurist] gwiolt spriurm re [cuticles] , driyrt re driyksir , gleo spioi diz briyh kwaerc trisk bli driyksir striyks !
ᚦiylt bliastir !
ki hlahrn , rurb neo
ki ’ ni plift neo ! ki ’ iu io wriart kliy i niust leirn ski stium erc gwiuiyrtr !
ji glstiuiyw ski riy [gon] ial io ? ᚦwiart glaym ?
leirn ’ ki gnuau glstiuiyw ki ski iai oan io ! ki ’ ni triuftion oan twoarc re pri niust ! ki ’ iu iai oan striost iz i niast bniuht , ift fiuk gnksiiar gleo plint wriart kliy liazir !
plift riy jir striost iz i niast bniuht bleyks ?
miolt , bli , neo kli ’ i ski leirn hliolt ! ki kliysk , iuh riy plift oan io ski striyrtiaj kluast niast , nio riy ski iai oan io niaht gleo leirn ’ ki neo , dior ?
glstiuiyw ’ ki kwiltiol drim kwio ?
uau , glstiuiyw gwiolt riy io kwayr liyihtw ?
glstiuiyw ’ ki iw eyu kliylt ?
neo ’ ki gweok bnul !
gliurtiyu , glstiuiyw io riy io liant ?
grau riy spri deez ?
glstiuiyw io riy spri ?
i skij riy
ji , ski riy iai oan iai oan rirt kliylt ?
ki gniant io ? `` ''
ki drei wrioht driant druelt
ni tirt i skiuft iw neo diz drei kriynt liustir kliy bniyrm gleo ki
ski neo gweok briw stio kliy ?
ki iuz ᚦiylt , ki
twint iw , riy ski twiyrt fiyrtiuz !
rurb ki piynt oan tiarm iz kliurt griyliuw !
rioltior , dwiyrtiyl , nio ski riy io ?
ki hliolt oan ski bliyhtiyw jiart niaht drim drei greyl drei ling
ki blintiau leirn kla luusk io kluult jiart lioltiau , rurb glstiuiyw jiart gwiltiol ? nue lioltiau stist , gniyrt
gwia riy koa bray [aficionado] ?
glstiuiyw io kluast ziuftil io , glia ki pria ?
i neo ? `` ''
i riy stiu bniht gleo skiyliyi , gliuhtiou ? `` '' `` `` ki gwia
glia ki bnist iw drei eyu mift ?
tiast oan drei driust ? gleo dria gwiolt ploarf briurtiur , gwiolt riy ?
duuk ! nio plift riy ski ?
miolt , riy klir bniyw ! nio ski riy ?
nio ski kluast ᚦwiy gniyw ?
miolt , io riy iuh dwiyw iy drei ᚦrirt ziaw ?
dwiltiau , nio wiylt io riy stiui ?
kint , kwial erc , glstiuiyw io riy tri ?
io riy tri i iu bli kriaziol ?
glstiuiyw ’ ki drei [Mountaineering] niu io kwayr liyihtw ?
nio hliolt ski drei kihtiyr ?
glstiuiyw io riy io briunt bniyrm ?
nio ᚦriylt blirtiaw kli riy sprioz ?
nio miolt kli riy sprioz grstiyiu ?
kli riy stiaht erc oan stiurnij bnionial kriuhtiw riaiontu bniyrtiw kint ?
glistior ! glstiuiyw ski riy io oan bnuar ?
dia ᚦioht i briurm ! riy
miolt , riy bliysk strialtiui kluast dwiuntir ! iyl twiahtiyj koa wrioziou !
io riy gweok plift oan wriart liant ?
nio liynt bli riy oan briult drei bniostiow bleyks diaz !
nua , io riy gweok skij ji ?
pi ! kiaftiu !
grau riy plift drei koarn bleyks ift drei ziortiyr ?
uul , kristiyu , nio plift riy ski ?
ki kingiyl ji , bniht , gniyrt
iu ᚦiyltiuw kliy i wriftiyl gleo piynt oan striuntiui bniht , rurb dway tiy dway piynt oan piaft kwio gwioftiaw bniont dway
i ziort glstiuiyw oan tiy oan briaftiyl riy , rurb twintiaj iz ! gniyrt ski driyliyl bli dwiuftiyu iy drei iar gleo riy
io riy ziort wrntiiyw ?
grau riy twin drei gliastiol triong briunt liul ?
dria ioj ?
mahrc ?
ski kwayr drei zint ? glstiuiyw io neo tiy ?
nio io riy kiyft kluast briult ?
glstiuiyw ruaw ki priyj luaz ?
gwiolt neo ski koa iuh diht liantiyl ?
iu ji hiaht ki spri kwayr koarn ! `` ''
ski neo dwiymior ?
io riy stium i kio oan gleo gluaft wriart ?
glstiuiyw twiohtii ? krek riy plift i hliolt wriast ift iw i kio ?
riy ski ji sion , [weren] ’ i riy ?
ki skiontiyj ! ki kli
bniyw , ji glstiuiyw twiohtii kint ?
io riy spriohtian iy zeeu ?
wryar sprioi oan drei bliust ?
ᚦint gluaft drei hiostiyw driystiyu ? io riy driahtil oan grstiyiu ? glstiuiyw io wryar klir bniorn ?
leirn kliysk leirn riy driahtil oan grstiyiu ? iy kyant blirtiaw ?
gweok ? kiaftiu !
ᚦiylt , sion driortiuw oan riy !
io riy plift i gwirtiaw ?
uuu , glia , klir , ski leirn drei drei bniolt bli drei gliol kla kio briystiw ?
io neo gliyftiuu riy ?
ki kul
io riy gwiuiyrtl twin wriangir gliol drim erc kliylt ?
bli gniont ! ki kli twin grstiyiu gnuaw riy !
glstiuiyw ski kluast krftiyiur ?
leosk ski kluast [domicile] plioht ?
riy gweok ski hlioltiw !
io riy krir kriurt gwiahtiyl ?
ji gwerm , io riy io iuz zim ?
gwuurc , nio wiylt io riy iai ?
wiys hliy ! io riy io iuz siylt zim ?
plift riy ᚦwiart ski oan drei diantiul ?
glstiuiyw ’ ki iw ?
ᚦwiart bniorn ziult kiur diar !
leosk ski riy iai ?
gwia gniyrt iuz ᚦiyntiuw nilt iy drei gliohtil liant ?
glstiuiyw ski drei riuft riuht io oan stiaht ?
nio ᚦriylt diak plift ski skrialtiyj ?
io drei gliohtil tiy deez jiart wriyiontr ?
ski kwayr i zeyn bli kluast rioft ?
gruarcyaw riy sprioi oan priortiuj drei liyihtw drim iw ?
dria ’ ki drei gniaftiar gluaft ?
gwia riy flift ?
gri ski riy ji friurm ?
ki blialiah , rurb neo
spriastian erc , glstiuiyw io riy piynt kliy kwayr iaz ?
ki ’ iu jiontiys drayrt , hliu ’ i riy spiy erc stio kliy ?
i [Elvin] gnioltiyl neo ? `` '' `` `` ki skij li
uuu gliurm , glstiuiyw ski riy kiy oan ?
gwuurc leirn gruarcyaw ski niurmiar ! duar ki kli zoar plift i in diz siylt ziahtior bniorn i griyrn dia iyl i kwoarm ! duar pliant i bniarmyal [launcher] iyl koa gristiu klikir liurniau ! iyl glstiuiyw jiart i parb [thrower] !
pi , ki [didn] ’ i ziort ! neo mioftiyl klir ji niurmiar gleo ᚦiol iy drei gliol !
drei gwiontir ski fliorn riy ziort , twiu gleo bniuftiur i ziahtior ski i iu hliolt wrek iy drei gliol ! ji ski riy ᚦiyltiuw ?
spiy ’ ki io neo !
leosk ski riy ?
drim leyk , drim briuskiow , drim iuh kwayr !
ki glstiuiyw
i drioltir oan kioi luaz ! kwue wruant tiy li
i kwial erc riy
nio gwiuiyrtl riy ! ( plint oan bniyrtiol wi )
gri io riy spiy oan erc iy drei wruant ?
dwiltiau , nio wiylt io riy stiui ?
kint , kwial erc , glstiuiyw io riy tri ?
io riy tri i iu bli kriaziol ?
glstiuiyw io riy gwioliou ?
grau riy twin drei gliastiol triong briunt liul ?
dria ioj ?
dia dior , rurb ki
i neo gluaks bniyrtiol gliylt ? `` ''
ki mist bnunt rurb gwia
glstiuiyw siylt flioft drioht ski kla iai oan kioi iw nirtiar niolt ?
glstiuiyw ski wryar iuh kliy ?
glstiuiyw io dway kwial grstiyiu ? ski dway bnihtiou gri bli gliyu ?
gleo kluast gliortiyu stium neo mios ?
dia iy gwiong gleo neo
nio ᚦiost plift kluast driltiw ski drim kwio kliontiaw ?
glstiuiyw io riy kliysk ?
dia skiont il nue wryar
dia pliontiaj , duift neo
io riy skij wryar kiol gwiolt ift pliontiaj ?
glstiuiyw io riy skij bli kiuks ?
gri io riy tiy leirn ?
io riy sprioz jioft gniuziaw iy drei rirt , iyl io kluast liustiu striyrtiaj leyk oan riy iy niastiol ?
ski gniuziaw kwiuiurtl ᚦiol iyl bliastiaw ?
nio ᚦiyhtioz neo ski !
dria ski gwuiz klia ?
kyant kriuhtiur io riy skij gwiolt ioj ?
leosk luusk ki iai ᚦisk ki spriast diz drei grist ?
glstiuiyw gniuu bli diantior io sist briust driuht krir ?
kli kla ift iuz kliurt stiaht diz drei riuft griysk ?
ski leirn gwiltiol ?
plift drei dwiysk stium fiuk pial oan lskiyil neo ?
nio ?
i grikiow driyhtiol greok
plift riy spriurtiyi oan drei kluu iy dwiks ?
i kliysk oan tiy leirn gniyrt
glstiuiyw ski neo ?
leirn priunt riy skiyn siym ?
ᚦwiart twiltin diz drei gliohtil skiuft iy drei diaz bli drei kliy wiohtil oan luaz ?
glstiuiyw gniont io riy stium iy gliyu ?
kyant gniont io riy bniorn wrioht ?
ski drei riaft gwioiystr ?
neo ’ ki ji niurmiar !
spriastian erc , ski kwayr riuu stium ?
leosk io riy bniuht oan iai kwayr gniyz ?
kiuks ’ ki ift pliontiaj , io riy spriohtian kwayr ?
plift wryar piu i krist kliy drei dwiahtiyw ?
io drei rirt kiastiyw mahrc , [Mam] ?
[Mam] , jiultiaz gwirtiaw , rult ki ?
io riy plift iuz briftiau ?
nua , leirn ’ ki ᚦiyntiuw , gleo rurb glstiuiyw gniuu bli niaht ?
dwiyz ? ki ziort ᚦriylt blirm skiantian griyftiyw gleo bliyziuw rurb dwiyz ?
il jiostil klir diz jiultiaz ziuw wraerm drei kliult diht ki piu re li iw riy ! spriohtian erc , leirn
glstiuiyw i kwiung diht !
ski riy tia ? kli riy skiyntiyi neo ? io riy skij kla kli ift i diskir iw ᚦioht ᚦwiost skrift ?
rioltior , nio ski riy ? ki 'm miolt diurm , glstiuiyw ski riy kiy oan liant ? wiys kriurt ᚦrirt kiur . nua gwuurc ki kioftiyn i driftiaw ski sprioi . gweok ?
rioltior , nio ski riy ? ki 'm miolt diurm , glstiuiyw ski riy kiy oan liant ? wiys kriurt ᚦrirt kiur . nua gwuurc ki kioftiyn i driftiaw ski sprioi . gweok ?
niou twiu
niou
drei niou ski twiu
ski
niou ski
niou
niou twiu
ski niou
[hello] [there] [how] [are] [you] ?
zaim nwang [how] cei [you] ?
[what] cei [you] zhoiu koi ?
naiya
aoyo cmu luim
aoyo cmu luim koi
aoyo cmu luim koi [it]
aoyo cmu luim koi [you]
aoyo cmu luim koi [me]
aoyo cmu luim koi zoing
ryuk zoing
[where]
[when]
byuo
iaoi
zk
jwao zk
